A north wind had begun to blow by the time the sun went down. Jon could hear it skirling against the Wall and over the icy battlements as he went to the common hall for the evening meal. Hobb had cooked up a venison stew, thick with barley, onions, and carrots. When he spooned an extra portion onto Jons plate and gave him the crusty heel of the bread, he knew what it meant. He knows. He looked around the hall, saw heads turn quickly, eyes politely averted. They all know.
  His friends rallied to him. We asked the septon to light a candle for your father, Matthar told him. Its a lie, we all know its a lie, even Grenn knows its a lie, Pyp chimed in. Grenn nodded, and Sam clasped Jons hand, Youre my brother now, so hes my father too, the fat boy said. If you want to go out to the weirwoods and pray to the old gods, Ill go with you.
  The weirwoods were beyond the Wall, yet he knew Sam meant what he said. They are my brothers, he thought. As much as Robb and Bran and Rickon
  And then he heard the laughter, sharp and cruel as a whip, and the voice of Ser Alliser Thorne. Not only a bastard, but a traitors bastard, he was telling the men around him.
  In the blink of an eye, Jon had vaulted onto the table, dagger in his hand. Pyp made a grab for him, but he wrenched his leg away, and then he was sprinting down the table and kicking the bowl from Ser Allisers hand. Stew went flying everywhere, spattering the brothers. Thorne recoiled. People were shouting, but Jon Snow did not hear them. He lunged at Ser Allisers face with the dagger, slashing at those cold onyx eyes, but Sam threw himself between them and before Jon could get around him, Pyp was on his back clinging like a monkey, and Grenn was grabbing his arm while Toad wrenched the knife from his fingers.
  Later, much later, after they had marched him back to his sleeping cell, Mormont came down to see him, raven on his shoulder. I told you not to do anything stupid, boy, the Old Bear said. Boy, the bird chorused. Mormont shook his head, disgusted. And to think I had high hopes for you.
  They took his knife and his sword and told him he was not to leave his cell until the high officers met to decide what was to be done with him. And then they placed a guard outside his door to make certain he obeyed. His friends were not allowed to see him, but the Old Bear did relent and permit him Ghost, so he was not utterly alone.
  My father is no traitor, he told the direwolf when the rest had gone. Ghost looked at him in silence. Jon slumped against the wall, hands around his knees, and stared at the candle on the table beside his narrow bed. The flame flickered and swayed, the shadows moved around him, the room seemed to grow darker and colder. I will not sleep tonight, Jon thought.
  Yet he must have dozed. When he woke, his legs were stiff and cramped and the candle had long since burned out. Ghost stood on his hind legs, scrabbling at the door. Jon was startled to see how tall hed grown. Ghost, what is it? he called softly. The direwolf turned his head and looked down at him, baring his fangs in a silent snarl. Has he gone mad? Jon wondered. Its me, Ghost, he murmured, trying not to sound afraid. Yet he was trembling, violently. When had it gotten so cold?
  Ghost backed away from the door. There were deep gouges where hed raked the wood. Jon watched him with mounting disquiet. Theres someone out there, isnt there? he whispered. Crouching, the direwolf crept backward, white fur rising on the back of his neck. The guard, he thought, they left a man to guard my door, Ghost smells him through the door, thats all it is.
  Slowly, Jon pushed himself to his feet. He was shivering uncontrollably, wishing he still had a sword. Three quick steps brought him to the door. He grabbed the handle and pulled it inward. The creak of the hinges almost made him jump.
  His guard was sprawled bonelessly across the narrow steps, looking up at him. Looking up at him, even though he was lying on his stomach. His head had been twisted completely around.
  It cant be, Jon told himself. This is the Lord Commanders Tower, its guarded day and night, this couldnt happen, its a dream, Im having a nightmare.
  Ghost slid past him, out the door. The wolf started up the steps, stopped, looked back at Jon. That was when he heard it; the soft scrape of a boot on stone, the sound of a latch turning. The sounds came from above. From the Lord Commanders chambers.
  A nightmare this might be, yet it was no dream.
  The guards sword was in its sheath. Jon knelt and worked it free. The heft of steel in his fist made him bolder. He moved up the steps, Ghost padding silently before him. Shadows lurked in every turn of the stair. Jon crept up warily, probing any suspicious darkness with the point of his sword.
  Suddenly he heard the shriek of Mormonts raven. Corn, the bird was screaming. Corn, corn, corn, corn, corn, corn. Ghost bounded ahead, and Jon came scrambling after. The door to Mormonts solar was wide open. The direwolf plunged through. Jon stopped in the doorway, blade in hand, giving his eyes a moment to adjust. Heavy drapes had been pulled across the windows, and the darkness was black as ink. Whos there? he called out.
  Then he saw it, a shadow in the shadows, sliding toward the inner door that led to Mormonts sleeping cell, a man-shape all in black, cloaked and hooded but beneath the hood, its eyes shone with an icy blue radiance
  Ghost leapt. Man and wolf went down together with neither scream nor snarl, rolling, smashing into a chair, knocking over a table laden with papers. Mormonts raven was flapping overhead, screaming, Corn, corn, corn, corn. Jon felt as blind as Maester Aemon. Keeping the wall to his back, he slid toward the window and ripped down the curtain. Moonlight flooded the solar. He glimpsed black hands buried in white fur, swollen dark fingers tightening around his direwolfs throat. Ghost was twisting and snapping, legs flailing in the air, but he could not break free.
  Jon had no time to be afraid. He threw himself forward, shouting, bringing down the longsword with all his weight behind it. Steel sheared through sleeve and skin and bone, yet the sound was wrong somehow. The smell that engulfed him was so queer and cold he almost gagged. He saw arm and hand on the floor, black fingers wriggling in a pool of moonlight. Ghost wrenched free of the other hand and crept away, red tongue lolling from his mouth.
  The hooded man lifted his pale moon face, and Jon slashed at it without hesitation. The sword laid the intruder open to the bone, taking off half his nose and opening a gash cheek to cheek under those eyes, eyes, eyes like blue stars burning. Jon knew that face. Othor, he thought, reeling back. Gods, hes dead, hes dead, I saw him dead.
  He felt something scrabble at his ankle. Black fingers clawed at his calf. The arm was crawling up his leg, ripping at wool and flesh. Shouting with revulsion, Jon pried the fingers off his leg with the point of his sword and flipped the thing away. It lay writhing, fingers opening and closing.
  The corpse lurched forward. There was no blood. One-armed, face cut near in half, it seemed to feel nothing. Jon held the longsword before him. Stay away! he commanded, his voice gone shrill. Corn, screamed the raven, corn, corn. The severed arm was wriggling out of its torn sleeve, a pale snake with a black five-fingered head. Ghost pounced and got it between his teeth. Finger bones crunched. Jon hacked at the corpses neck, felt the steel bite deep and hard.
  Dead Othor slammed into him, knocking him off his feet.
  Jons breath went out of him as the fallen table caught him between his shoulder blades. The sword, where was the sword? Hed lost the damned sword! When he opened his mouth to scream, the wight jammed its black corpse fingers into Jons mouth. Gagging, he tried to shove it off, but the dead man was too heavy. Its hand forced itself farther down his throat, icy cold, choking him. Its face was against his own, filling the world. Frost covered its eyes, sparkling blue. Jon raked cold flesh with his nails and kicked at the things legs. He tried to bite, tried to punch, tried to breathe
  And suddenly the corpses weight was gone, its fingers ripped from his throat. It was all Jon could do to roll over, retching and shaking.
  Ghost had it again. He watched as the direwolf buried his teeth in the wights gut and began to rip and tear. He watched, only half conscious, for a long moment before he finally remembered to look for his sword
   and saw Lord Mormont, naked and groggy from sleep, standing in the doorway with an oil lamp in hand. Gnawed and fingerless, the arm thrashed on the floor, wriggling toward him.
  Jon tried to shout, but his voice was gone. Staggering to his feet, he kicked the arm away and snatched the lamp from the Old Bears fingers. The flame flickered and almost died. Burn! the raven cawed. Burn, burn, burn!
  Spinning, Jon saw the drapes hed ripped from the window. He flung the lamp into the puddled cloth with both hands. Metal crunched, glass shattered, oil spewed, and the hangings went up in a great whoosh of flame. The heat of it on his face was sweeter than any kiss Jon had ever known. Ghost! he shouted.
  The direwolf wrenched free and came to him as the wight struggled to rise, dark snakes spilling from the great wound in its belly. Jon plunged his hand into the flames, grabbed a fistful of the burning drapes, and whipped them at the dead man. Let it burn, he prayed as the cloth smothered the corpse, gods, please, please, let it burn.
 

 Bran


  The Karstarks came in on a cold windy morning, bringing three hundred horsemen and near two thousand foot from their castle at Karhold. The steel points of their pikes winked in the pale sunlight as the column approached. A man went before them, pounding out a slow, deep-throated marching rhythm on a drum that was bigger than he was, boom, boom, boom.
  Bran watched them come from a guard turret atop the outer wall, peering through Maester Luwins bronze far-eye while perched on Hodors shoulders. Lord Rickard himself led them, his sons Harrion and Eddard and Torrhen riding beside him beneath night-black banners emblazoned with the white sunburst of their House. Old Nan said they had Stark blood in them, going back hundreds of years, but they did not look like Starks to Bran. They were big men, and fierce, faces covered with thick beards, hair worn loose past the shoulders. Their cloaks were made of skins, the pelts of bear and seal and wolf.
  They were the last, he knew. The other lords were already here, with their hosts. Bran yearned to ride out among them, to see the winter houses full to bursting, the jostling crowds in the market square every morning, the streets rutted and torn by wheel and hoof. But Robb had forbidden him to leave the castle. We have no men to spare to guard you, his brother had explained.
  Ill take Summer, Bran argued.
  Dont act the boy with me, Bran, Robb said. You know better than that. Only two days ago one of Lord Boltons men knifed one of Lord Cerwyns at the Smoking Log. Our lady mother would skin me for a pelt if I let you put yourself at risk. He was using the voice of Robb the Lord when he said it; Bran knew that meant there was no appeal.
  It was because of what had happened in the wolfswood, he knew. The memory still gave him bad dreams. He had been as helpless as a baby, no more able to defend himself than Rickon would have been. Less, even Rickon would have kicked them, at the least. It shamed him. He was only a few years younger than Robb; if his brother was almost a man grown, so was he. He should have been able to protect himself.
  A year ago, before, he would have visited the town even if it meant climbing over the walls by himself. In those days he could run down stairs, get on and off his pony by himself, and wield a wooden sword good enough to knock Prince Tommen in the dirt. Now he could only watch, peering out through Maester Luwins lens tube. The maester had taught him all the banners: the mailed fist of the Glovers, silver on scarlet; Lady Mormonts black bear; the hideous flayed man that went before Roose Bolton of the Dreadfort; a bull moose for the Hornwoods; a battle-axe for the Cerwyns; three sentinel trees for the Tallharts; and the fearsome sigil of House Umber, a roaring giant in shattered chains.
  And soon enough he learned the faces too, when the lords and their sons and knights retainer came to Winterfell to feast. Even the Great Hall was not large enough to seat all of them at once, so Robb hosted each of the principal bannermen in turn. Bran was always given the place of honor at his brothers right hand. Some of the lords bannermen gave him queer hard stares as he sat there, as if they wondered by what right a green boy should be placed above them, and him a cripple too.
  How many is it now? Bran asked Maester Luwin as Lord Karstark and his sons rode through the gates in the outer wall.
  Twelve thousand men, or near enough as makes no matter.
  How many knights?
  Few enough, the maester said with a touch of impatience. To be a knight, you must stand your vigil in a sept, and be anointed with the seven oils to consecrate your vows. In the north, only a few of the great houses worship the Seven. The rest honor the old gods, and name no knights but those lords and their sons and sworn swords are no less fierce or loyal or honorable. A mans worth is not marked by a ser before his name. As I have told you a hundred times before.
  Still, said Bran, how many knights?
  Maester Luwin sighed. Three hundred, perhaps four among three thousand armored lances who are not knights.
  Lord Karstark is the last, Bran said thoughtfully. Robb will feast him tonight.
  No doubt he will.
  How long before before they go?
  He must march soon, or not at all, Maester Luwin said. The winter town is full to bursting, and this army of his will eat the countryside clean if it camps here much longer. Others are waiting to join him all along the kingsroad, barrow knights and crannogmen and the Lords Manderly and Flint. The fighting has begun in the riverlands, and your brother has many leagues to go.
  I know. Bran felt as miserable as he sounded. He handed the bronze tube back to the maester, and noticed how thin Luwins hair had grown on top. He could see the pink of scalp showing through. It felt queer to look down on him this way, when hed spent his whole life looking up at him, but when you sat on Hodors back you looked down on everyone. I dont want to watch anymore. Hodor, take me back to the keep.
  Hodor, said Hodor.
  Maester Luwin tucked the tube up his sleeve. Bran, your lord brother will not have time to see you now. He must greet Lord Karstark and his sons and make them welcome.
  I wont trouble Robb. I want to visit the godswood. He put his hand on Hodors shoulder. Hodor.
  A series of chisel-cut handholds made a ladder in the granite of the towers inner wall. Hodor hummed tunelessly as he went down hand under hand, Bran bouncing against his back in the wicker seat that Maester Luwin had fashioned for him. Luwin had gotten the idea from the baskets the women used to carry firewood on their backs; after that it had been a simple matter of cutting legholes and attaching some new straps to spread Brans weight more evenly. It was not as good as riding Dancer, but there were places Dancer could not go, and this did not shame Bran the way it did when Hodor carried him in his arms like a baby. Hodor seemed to like it too, though with Hodor it was hard to tell. The only tricky part was doors. Sometimes Hodor forgot that he had Bran on his back, and that could be painful when he went through a door.
  For near a fortnight there had been so many comings and goings that Robb ordered both portcullises kept up and the drawbridge down between them, even in the dead of night. A long column of armored lancers was crossing the moat between the walls when Bran emerged from the tower; Karstark men, following their lords into the castle. They wore black iron halfhelms and black woolen cloaks patterned with the white sunburst. Hodor trotted along beside them, smiling to himself, his boots thudding against the wood of the drawbridge. The riders gave them queer looks as they went by, and once Bran heard someone guffaw. He refused to let it trouble him. Men will look at you, Maester Luwin had warned him the first time they had strapped the wicker basket around Hodors chest. They will look, and they will talk, and some will mock you. Let them mock, Bran thought. No one mocked him in his bedchamber, but he would not live his life in bed.
  As they passed beneath the gatehouse portcullis, Bran put two fingers into his mouth and whistled. Summer came loping across the yard. Suddenly the Karstark lancers were fighting for control, as their horses rolled their eyes and whickered in dismay. One stallion reared, screaming, his rider cursing and hanging on desperately. The scent of the direwolves sent horses into a frenzy of fear if they were not accustomed to it, but theyd quiet soon enough once Summer was gone. The godswood, Bran reminded Hodor.
  Even Winterfell itself was crowded. The yard rang to the sound of sword and axe, the rumble of wagons, and the barking of dogs. The armory doors were open, and Bran glimpsed Mikken at his forge, his hammer ringing as sweat dripped off his bare chest. Bran had never seen as many strangers in all his years, not even when King Robert had come to visit Father.
  He tried not to flinch as Hodor ducked through a low door. They walked down a long dim hallway, Summer padding easily beside them. The wolf glanced up from time to time, eyes smoldering like liquid gold. Bran would have liked to touch him, but he was riding too high for his hand to reach.
  The godswood was an island of peace in the sea of chaos that Winterfell had become. Hodor made his way through the dense stands of oak and ironwood and sentinels, to the still pool beside the heart tree. He stopped under the gnarled limbs of the weirwood, humming. Bran reached up over his head and pulled himself out of his seat, drawing the dead weight of his legs up through the holes in the wicker basket. He hung for a moment, dangling, the dark red leaves brushing against his face, until Hodor lifted him and lowered him to the smooth stone beside the water. I want to be by myself for a while, he said. You go soak. Go to the pools.
  Hodor. Hodor stomped through the trees and vanished. Across the godswood, beneath the windows of the Guest House, an underground hot spring fed three small ponds. Steam rose from the water day and night, and the wall that loomed above was thick with moss. Hodor hated cold water, and would fight like a treed wildcat when threatened with soap, but he would happily immerse himself in the hottest pool and sit for hours, giving a loud burp to echo the spring whenever a bubble rose from the murky green depths to break upon the surface.
  Summer lapped at the water and settled down at Brans side. He rubbed the wolf under the jaw, and for a moment boy and beast both felt at peace. Bran had always liked the godswood, even before, but of late he found himself drawn to it more and more. Even the heart tree no longer scared him the way it used to. The deep red eyes carved into the pale trunk still watched him, yet somehow he took comfort from that now. The gods were looking over him, he told himself; the old gods, gods of the Starks and the First Men and the children of the forest, his fathers gods. He felt safe in their sight, and the deep silence of the trees helped him think. Bran had been thinking a lot since his fall; thinking, and dreaming, and talking with the gods.
  Please make it so Robb wont go away, he prayed softly. He moved his hand through the cold water, sending ripples across the pool. Please make him stay. Or if he has to go, bring him home safe, with Mother and Father and the girls. And make it make it so Rickon understands.
  His baby brother had been wild as a winter storm since he learned Robb was riding off to war, weeping and angry by turns. Hed refused to eat, cried and screamed for most of a night, even punched Old Nan when she tried to sing him to sleep, and the next day hed vanished. Robb had set half the castle searching for him, and when at last theyd found him down in the crypts, Rickon had slashed at them with a rusted iron sword hed snatched from a dead kings hand, and Shaggydog had come slavering out of the darkness like a green-eyed demon. The wolf was near as wild as Rickon; hed bitten Gage on the arm and torn a chunk of flesh from Mikkens thigh. It had taken Robb himself and Grey Wind to bring him to bay. Farlen had the black wolf chained up in the kennels now, and Rickon cried all the more for being without him.
  Maester Luwin counseled Robb to remain at Winterfell, and Bran pleaded with him too, for his own sake as much as Rickons, but his brother only shook his head stubbornly and said, I dont want to go. I have to.
  It was only half a lie. Someone had to go, to hold the Neck and help the Tullys against the Lannisters, Bran could understand that, but it did not have to be Robb. His brother might have given the command to Hal Mollen or Theon Greyjoy, or to one of his lords bannermen. Maester Luwin urged him to do just that, but Robb would not hear of it. My lord father would never have sent men off to die while he huddled like a craven behind the walls of Winterfell, he said, all Robb the Lord.
  Robb seemed half a stranger to Bran now, transformed, a lord in truth, though he had not yet seen his sixteenth name day. Even their fathers bannermen seemed to sense it. Many tried to test him, each in his own way. Roose Bolton and Robett Glover both demanded the honor of battle command, the first brusquely, the second with a smile and a jest. Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, told Robb bluntly that he was young enough to be her grandson, and had no business giving her commands but as it happened, she had a granddaughter she would be willing to have him marry. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had actually brought his daughter with him, a plump, homely maid of thirty years who sat at her fathers left hand and never lifted her eyes from her plate. Jovial Lord Hornwood had no daughters, but he did bring gifts, a horse one day, a haunch of venison the next, a silver-chased hunting horn the day after, and he asked nothing in return nothing but a certain holdfast taken from his grandfather, and hunting rights north of a certain ridge, and leave to dam the White Knife, if it please the lord.
  Robb answered each of them with cool courtesy, much as Father might have, and somehow he bent them to his will.
  And when Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide, threatened to take his forces home if he was placed behind the Hornwoods or the Cerwyns in the order of march, Robb told him he was welcome to do so. And when we are done with the Lannisters, he promised, scratching Grey Wind behind the ear, we will march back north, root you out of your keep, and hang you for an oathbreaker. Cursing, the Greatjon flung a flagon of ale into the fire and bellowed that Robb was so green he must piss grass. When Hallis Mollen moved to restrain him, he knocked him to the floor, kicked over a table, and unsheathed the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen. All along the benches, his sons and brothers and sworn swords leapt to their feet, grabbing for their steel.
  Yet Robb only said a quiet word, and in a snarl and the blink of an eye Lord Umber was on his back, his sword spinning on the floor three feet away and his hand dripping blood where Grey Wind had bitten off two fingers. My lord father taught me that it was death to bare steel against your liege lord, Robb said, but doubtless you only meant to cut my meat. Brans bowels went to water as the Greatjon struggled to rise, sucking at the red stumps of fingers but then, astonishingly, the huge man laughed. Your meat, he roared, is bloody tough.
  And somehow after that the Greatjon became Robbs right hand, his staunchest champion, loudly telling all and sundry that the boy lord was a Stark after all, and theyd damn well better bend their knees if they didnt fancy having them chewed off.
  Yet that very night, his brother came to Brans bedchamber pale and shaken, after the fires had burned low in the Great Hall. I thought he was going to kill me, Robb confessed. Did you see the way he threw down Hal, like he was no bigger than Rickon? Gods, I was so scared. And the Greatjons not the worst of them, only the loudest. Lord Roose never says a word, he only looks at me, and all I can think of is that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies.
  Thats just one of Old Nans stories, Bran said. A note of doubt crept into his voice. Isnt it?
  I dont know. He gave a weary shake of his head. Lord Cerwyn means to take his daughter south with us. To cook for him, he says. Theon is certain Ill find the girl in my bedroll one night. I wish I wish Father was here
  That was the one thing they could agree on, Bran and Rickon and Robb the Lord; they all wished Father was here. But Lord Eddard was a thousand leagues away, a captive in some dungeon, a hunted fugitive running for his life, or even dead. No one seemed to know for certain; every traveler told a different tale, each more terrifying than the last. The heads of Fathers guardsmen were rotting on the walls of the Red Keep, impaled on spikes. King Robert was dead at Fathers hands. The Baratheons had laid siege to Kings Landing. Lord Eddard had fled south with the kings wicked brother Renly. Arya and Sansa had been murdered by the Hound. Mother had killed Tyrion the Imp and hung his body from the walls of Riverrun. Lord Tywin Lannister was marching on the Eyrie, burning and slaughtering as he went. One wine-sodden taleteller even claimed that Rhaegar Targaryen had returned from the dead and was marshaling a vast host of ancient heroes on Dragonstone to reclaim his fathers throne.
  When the raven came, bearing a letter marked with Fathers own seal and written in Sansas hand, the cruel truth seemed no less incredible. Bran would never forget the look on Robbs face as he stared at their sisters words. She says Father conspired at treason with the kings brothers, he read. King Robert is dead, and Mother and I are summoned to the Red Keep to swear fealty to Joffrey. She says we must be loyal, and when she marries Joffrey she will plead with him to spare our lord fathers life. His fingers closed into a fist, crushing Sansas letter between them. And she says nothing of Arya, nothing, not so much as a word. Damn her! Whats wrong with the girl?
  Bran felt all cold inside. She lost her wolf, he said, weakly, remembering the day when four of his fathers guardsmen had returned from the south with Ladys bones. Summer and Grey Wind and Shaggydog had begun to howl before they crossed the drawbridge, in voices drawn and desolate. Beneath the shadow of the First Keep was an ancient lichyard, its headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid their faithful servants. It was there they buried Lady, while her brothers stalked between the graves like restless shadows. She had gone south, and only her bones had returned.
  Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard, had gone as well, with his son Brandon who was Fathers brother, and two hundred of his best men. None had ever returned. And Father had gone south, with Arya and Sansa, and Jory and Hullen and Fat Tom and the rest, and later Mother and Ser Rodrik had gone, and they hadnt come back either. And now Robb meant to go. Not to Kings Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in his hand. And if their lord father were truly a prisoner, that could mean his death for a certainty. It frightened Bran more than he could say.
  If Robb has to go, watch over him, Bran entreated the old gods, as they watched him with the heart trees red eyes, and watch over his men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords. And Theon too, I suppose. Watch them and keep them safe, if it please you, gods. Help them defeat the Lannisters and save Father and bring them home.
  A faint wind sighed through the godswood and the red leaves stirred and whispered. Summer bared his teeth. You hear them, boy? a voice asked.
  Bran lifted his head. Osha stood across the pool, beneath an ancient oak, her face shadowed by leaves. Even in irons, the wildling moved quiet as a cat. Summer circled the pool, sniffed at her. The tall woman flinched.
  Summer, to me, Bran called. The direwolf took one final sniff, spun, and bounded back. Bran wrapped his arms around him. What are you doing here? He had not seen Osha since theyd taken her captive in the wolfswood, though he knew shed been set to working in the kitchens.
  They are my gods too, Osha said. Beyond the Wall, they are the only gods. Her hair was growing out, brown and shaggy. It made her look more womanly, that and the simple dress of brown roughspun theyd given her when they took her mail and leather. Gage lets me have my prayers from time to time, when I feel the need, and I let him do as he likes under my skirt, when he feels the need. Its nothing to me. I like the smell of flour on his hands, and hes gentler than Stiv. She gave an awkward bow. Ill leave you. Theres pots that want scouring.
  No, stay, Bran commanded her. Tell me what you meant, about hearing the gods.
  Osha studied him. You asked them and theyre answering. Open your ears, listen, youll hear.
  Bran listened. Its only the wind, he said after a moment, uncertain. The leaves are rustling.
  Who do you think sends the wind, if not the gods? She seated herself across the pool from him, clinking faintly as she moved. Mikken had fixed iron manacles to her ankles, with a heavy chain between them; she could walk, so long as she kept her strides small, but there was no way for her to run, or climb, or mount a horse. They see you, boy. They hear you talking. That rustling, thats them talking back.
  What are they saying?
  Theyre sad. Your lord brother will get no help from them, not where hes going. The old gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down, thousands.