We may not have a fortnight. We may not have a day. The king mentioned something about seeing my head on a spike. Ned frowned. He did not truly believe the king would harm him, not Robert. He was angry now, but once Ned was safely out of sight, his rage would cool as it always did.
  Always? Suddenly, uncomfortably, he found himself recalling Rhaegar Targaryen. Fifteen years dead, yet Robert hates him as much as ever. It was a disturbing notion and there was the other matter, the business with Catelyn and the dwarf that Yoren had warned him of last night. That would come to light soon, as sure as sunrise, and with the king in such a black fury Robert might not care a fig for Tyrion Lannister, but it would touch on his pride, and there was no telling what the queen might do.
  It might be safest if I went on ahead, he told Poole. I will take my daughters and a few guardsmen. The rest of you can follow when you are ready. Inform Jory, but tell no one else, and do nothing until the girls and I have gone. The castle is full of eyes and ears, and I would rather my plans were not known.
  As you command, my lord.
  When he had gone, Eddard Stark went to the window and sat brooding. Robert had left him no choice that he could see. He ought to thank him. It would be good to return to Winterfell. He ought never have left. His sons were waiting there. Perhaps he and Catelyn would make a new son together when he returned, they were not so old yet. And of late he had often found himself dreaming of snow, of the deep quiet of the wolfswood at night.
  And yet, the thought of leaving angered him as well. So much was still undone. Robert and his council of cravens and flatterers would beggar the realm if left unchecked or, worse, sell it to the Lannisters in payment of their loans. And the truth of Jon Arryns death still eluded him. Oh, he had found a few pieces, enough to convince him that Jon had indeed been murdered, but that was no more than the spoor of an animal on the forest floor. He had not sighted the beast itself yet, though he sensed it was there, lurking, hidden, treacherous.
  It struck him suddenly that he might return to Winterfell by sea. Ned was no sailor, and ordinarily would have preferred the kingsroad, but if he took ship he could stop at Dragonstone and speak with Stannis Baratheon. Pycelle had sent a raven off across the water, with a polite letter from Ned requesting Lord Stannis to return to his seat on the small council. As yet, there had been no reply, but the silence only deepened his suspicions. Lord Stannis shared the secret Jon Arryn had died for, he was certain of it. The truth he sought might very well be waiting for him on the ancient island fortress of House Targaryen.
  And when you have it, what then? Some secrets are safer kept hidden. Some secrets are too dangerous to share, even with those you love and trust. Ned slid the dagger that Catelyn had brought him out of the sheath on his belt. The Imps knife. Why would the dwarf want Bran dead? To silence him, surely. Another secret, or only a different strand of the same web?
  Could Robert be part of it? He would not have thought so, but once he would not have thought Robert could command the murder of women and children either. Catelyn had tried to warn him. You knew the man, she had said. The king is a stranger to you. The sooner he was quit of Kings Landing, the better. If there was a ship sailing north on the morrow, it would be well to be on it.
  He summoned Vayon Poole again and sent him to the docks to make inquiries, quietly but quickly. Find me a fast ship with a skilled captain, he told the steward. I care nothing for the size of its cabins or the quality of its appointments, so long as it is swift and safe. I wish to leave at once.
  Poole had no sooner taken his leave than Tomard announced a visitor. Lord Baelish to see you, mlord.
  Ned was half-tempted to turn him away, but thought better of it. He was not free yet; until he was, he must play their games. Show him in, Tom.
  Lord Petyr sauntered into the solar as if nothing had gone amiss that morning. He wore a slashed velvet doublet in cream-and-silver, a grey silk cloak trimmed with black fox, and his customary mocking smile.
  Ned greeted him coldly. Might I ask the reason for this visit, Lord Baelish?
  I wont detain you long, Im on my way to dine with Lady Tanda. Lamprey pie and roast suckling pig. She has some thought to wed me to her younger daughter, so her table is always astonishing. If truth be told, Id sooner marry the pig, but dont tell her. I do love lamprey pie.
  Dont let me keep you from your eels, my lord, Ned said with icy disdain. At the moment, I cannot think of anyone whose company I desire less than yours.
  Oh, Im certain if you put your mind to it, you could come up with a few names. Varys, say. Cersei. Or Robert. His Grace is most wroth with you. He went on about you at some length after you took your leave of us this morning. The words insolence and ingratitude came into it frequently, I seem to recall.
  Ned did not honor that with a reply. Nor did he offer his guest a seat, but Littlefinger took one anyway. After you stormed out, it was left to me to convince them not to hire the Faceless Men, he continued blithely. Instead Varys will quietly let it be known that well make a lord of whoever does in the Targaryen girl.
  Ned was disgusted. So now we grant titles to assassins.
  Littlefinger shrugged. Titles are cheap. The Faceless Men are expensive. If truth be told, I did the Targaryen girl more good than you with all your talk of honor. Let some sellsword drunk on visions of lordship try to kill her. Likely hell make a botch of it, and afterward the Dothraki will be on their guard. If wed sent a Faceless Man after her, shed be as good as buried.
  Ned frowned. You sit in council and talk of ugly women and steel kisses, and now you expect me to believe that you tried to protect the girl? How big a fool do you take me for?
  Well, quite an enormous one, actually, said Littlefinger, laughing.
  Do you always find murder so amusing, Lord Baelish?
  Its not murder I find amusing, Lord Stark, its you. You rule like a man dancing on rotten ice. I daresay you will make a noble splash. I believe I heard the first crack this morning.
  The first and last, said Ned. Ive had my fill.
  When do you mean to return to Winterfell, my lord?
  As soon as I can. What concern is that of yours?
  None but if perchance youre still here come evenfall, Id be pleased to take you to this brothel your man Jory has been searching for so ineffectually. Littlefinger smiled. And I wont even tell the Lady Catelyn.
 

 Catelyn


  My lady, you should have sent word of your coming, Ser Donnel Waynwood told her as their horses climbed the pass. We would have sent an escort. The high road is not as safe as it once was, for a party as small as yours.
  We learned that to our sorrow, Ser Donnel, Catelyn said. Sometimes she felt as though her heart had turned to stone; six brave men had died to bring her this far, and she could not even find it in her to weep for them. Even their names were fading. The clansmen harried us day and night. We lost three men in the first attack, and two more in the second, and Lannisters serving man died of a fever when his wounds festered. When we heard your men approaching, I thought us doomed for certain. They had drawn up for a last desperate fight, blades in hand and backs to the rock. The dwarf had been whetting the edge of his axe and making some mordant jest when Bronn spotted the banner the riders carried before them, the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn, sky-blue and white. Catelyn had never seen a more welcome sight.
  The clans have grown bolder since Lord Jon died, Ser Donnel said. He was a stocky youth of twenty years, earnest and homely, with a wide nose and a shock of thick brown hair. If it were up to me, I would take a hundred men into the mountains, root them out of their fastnesses, and teach them some sharp lessons, but your sister has forbidden it. She would not even permit her knights to fight in the Hands tourney. She wants all our swords kept close to home, to defend the Vale against what, no one is certain. Shadows, some say. He looked at her anxiously, as if he had suddenly remembered who she was. I hope I have not spoken out of turn, my lady. I meant no offense.
  Frank talk does not offend me, Ser Donnel. Catelyn knew what her sister feared. Not shadows, Lannisters, she thought to herself, glancing back to where the dwarf rode beside Bronn. The two of them had grown thick as thieves since Chiggen had died. The little man was more cunning than she liked. When they had entered the mountains, he had been her captive, bound and helpless. What was he now? Her captive still, yet he rode along with a dirk through his belt and an axe strapped to his saddle, wearing the shadowskin cloak hed won dicing with the singer and the chainmail hauberk hed taken off Chiggens corpse. Two score men flanked the dwarf and the rest of her ragged band, knights and men-at-arms in service to her sister Lysa and Jon Arryns young son, and yet Tyrion betrayed no hint of fear. Could I be wrong? Catelyn wondered, not for the first time. Could he be innocent after all, of Bran and Jon Arryn and all the rest? And if he was, what did that make her? Six men had died to bring him here.
  Resolute, she pushed her doubts away. When we reach your keep, I would take it kindly if you could send for Maester Colemon at once. Ser Rodrik is feverish from his wounds. More than once she had feared the gallant old knight would not survive the journey. Toward the end he could scarcely sit his horse, and Bronn had urged her to leave him to his fate, but Catelyn would not hear of it. They had tied him in the saddle instead, and she had commanded Marillion the singer to watch over him.
  Ser Donnel hesitated before he answered. The Lady Lysa has commanded the maester to remain at the Eyrie at all times, to care for Lord Robert, he said. We have a septon at the gate who tends to our wounded. He can see to your mans hurts.
  Catelyn had more faith in a maesters learning than a septons prayers. She was about to say as much when she saw the battlements ahead, long parapets built into the very stone of the mountains on either side of them. Where the pass shrank to a narrow defile scarce wide enough for four men to ride abreast, twin watchtowers clung to the rocky slopes, joined by a covered bridge of weathered grey stone that arched above the road. Silent faces watched from arrow slits in tower, battlements, and bridge. When they had climbed almost to the top, a knight rode out to meet them. His horse and his armor were grey, but his cloak was the rippling blue-and-red of Riverrun, and a shiny black fish, wrought in gold and obsidian, pinned its folds against his shoulder. Who would pass the Bloody Gate? he called.
  Ser Donnel Waynwood, with the Lady Catelyn Stark and her companions, the young knight answered.
  The Knight of the Gate lifted his visor. I thought the lady looked familiar. You are far from home, little Cat.
  And you, Uncle, she said, smiling despite all she had been through. Hearing that hoarse, smoky voice again took her back twenty years, to the days of her childhood.
  My home is at my back, he said gruffly.
  Your home is in my heart, Catelyn told him. Take off your helm. I would look on your face again.
  The years have not improved it, I fear, Brynden Tully said, but when he lifted off the helm, Catelyn saw that he lied. His features were lined and weathered, and time had stolen the auburn from his hair and left him only grey, but the smile was the same, and the bushy eyebrows fat as caterpillars, and the laughter in his deep blue eyes. Did Lysa know you were coming?
  There was no time to send word ahead, Catelyn told him. The others were coming up behind her. I fear we ride before the storm, Uncle.
  May we enter the Vale? Ser Donnel asked. The Waynwoods were ever ones for ceremony.
  In the name of Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Defender of the Vale, True Warden of the East, I bid you enter freely, and charge you to keep his peace, Ser Brynden replied. Come.
  And so she rode behind him, beneath the shadow of the Bloody Gate where a dozen armies had dashed themselves to pieces in the Age of Heroes. On the far side of the stoneworks, the mountains opened up suddenly upon a vista of green fields, blue sky, and snowcapped mountains that took her breath away. The Vale of Arryn bathed in the morning light.
  It stretched before them to the misty cast, a tranquil land of rich black soil, wide slow-moving rivers, and hundreds of small lakes that shone like mirrors in the sun, protected on all sides by its sheltering peaks. Wheat and corn and barley grew high in its fields, and even in Highgarden the pumpkins were no larger nor the fruit any sweeter than here. They stood at the western end of the valley, where the high road crested the last pass and began its winding descent to the bottomlands two miles below. The Vale was narrow here, no more than a half days ride across, and the northern mountains seemed so close that Catelyn could almost reach out and touch them. Looming over them all was the jagged peak called the Giants Lance, a mountain that even mountains looked up to, its head lost in icy mists three and a half miles above the valley floor. Over its massive western shoulder flowed the ghost torrent of Alyssas Tears. Even from this distance, Catelyn could make out the shining silver thread, bright against the dark stone.
  When her uncle saw that she had stopped, he moved his horse closer and pointed. Its there, beside Alyssas Tears. All you can see from here is a flash of white every now and then, if you look hard and the sun hits the walls just right.
  Seven towers, Ned had told her, like white daggers thrust into the belly of the sky, so high you can stand on the parapets and look down on the clouds. How long a ride? she asked.
  We can be at the mountain by evenfall, Uncle Brynden said, but the climb will take another day.
  Ser Rodrik Cassel spoke up from behind. My lady, he said, I fear I can go no farther today. His face sagged beneath his ragged, newgrown whiskers, and he looked so weary Catelyn feared he might fall off his horse.
  Nor should you, she said. You have done all I could have asked of you, and a hundred times more. My uncle will see me the rest of the way to the Eyrie. Lannister must come with me, but there is no reason that you and the others should not rest here and recover your strength.
  We should be honored to have them to guest, Ser Donnel said with the grave courtesy of the young. Beside Ser Rodrik, only Bronn, Ser Willis Wode, and Marillion the singer remained of the party that had ridden with her from the inn by the crossroads.
  My lady, Marillion said, riding forward. I beg you allow me to accompany you to the Eyrie, to see the end of the tale as I saw its beginnings. The boy sounded haggard, yet strangely determined; he had a fevered shine to his eyes.
  Catelyn had never asked the singer to ride with them; that choice he had made himself, and how he had come to survive the journey when so many braver men lay dead and unburied behind them, she could never say. Yet here he was, with a scruff of beard that made him look almost a man. Perhaps she owed him something for having come this far. Very well, she told him.
  Ill come as well, Bronn announced.
  She liked that less well. Without Bronn she would never have reached the Vale, she knew; the sellsword was as fierce a fighter as she had ever seen, and his sword had helped cut them through to safety. Yet for all that, Catelyn misliked the man. Courage he had, and strength, but there was no kindness in him, and little loyalty. And she had seen him riding beside Lannister far too often, talking in low voices and laughing at some private joke. She would have preferred to separate him from the dwarf here and now, but having agreed that Marillion might continue to the Eyrie, she could see no gracious way to deny that same right to Bronn. As you wish, she said, although she noted that he had not actually asked her permission.
  Ser Willis Wode remained with Ser Rodrik, a soft-spoken septon fussing over their wounds. Their horses were left behind as well, poor ragged things. Ser Donnel promised to send birds ahead to the Eyrie and the Gates of the Moon with the word of their coming. Fresh mounts were brought forth from the stables, surefooted mountain stock with shaggy coats, and within the hour they set forth once again. Catelyn rode beside her uncle as they began the descent to the valley floor. Behind came Bronn, Tyrion Lannister, Marillion, and six of Bryndens men.
  Not until they were a third of the way down the mountain path, well out of earshot of the others, did Brynden Tully turn to her and say, So, child. Tell me about this storm of yours.
  I have not been a child in many years, Uncle, Catelyn said, but she told him nonetheless. It took longer than she would have believed to tell it all, Lysas letter and Brans fall, the assassins dagger and Littlefinger and her chance meeting with Tyrion Lannister in the crossroads inn.
  Her uncle listened silently, heavy brows shadowing his eyes as his frown grew deeper. Brynden Tully had always known how to listen to anyone but her father. He was Lord Hosters brother, younger by five years, but the two of them had been at war as far back as Catelyn could remember. During one of their louder quarrels, when Catelyn was eight, Lord Hoster had called Brynden the black goat of the Tully flock. Laughing, Brynden had pointed out that the sigil of their house was a leaping trout, so he ought to be a black fish rather than a black goat, and from that day forward he had taken it as his personal emblem.
  The war had not ended until the day she and Lysa had been wed. It was at their wedding feast that Brynden told his brother he was leaving Riverrun to serve Lysa and her new husband, the Lord of the Eyrie. Lord Hoster had not spoken his brothers name since, from what Edmure told her in his infrequent letters.
  Nonetheless, during all those years of Catelyns girlhood, it had been Brynden the Blackfish to whom Lord Hosters children had run with their tears and their tales, when Father was too busy and Mother too ill. Catelyn, Lysa, Edmure and yes, even Petyr Baelish, their fathers ward he had listened to them all patiently, as he listened now, laughing at their triumphs and sympathizing with their childish misfortunes.
  When she was done, her uncle remained silent for a long time, as his horse negotiated the steep, rocky trail. Your father must be told, he said at last. If the Lannisters should march, Winterfell is remote and the Vale walled up behind its mountains, but Riverrun lies right in their path.
  Id had the same fear, Catelyn admitted. I shall ask Maester Colemon to send a bird when we reach the Eyrie. She had other messages to send as well; the commands that Ned had given her for his bannermen, to ready the defenses of the north. What is the mood in the Vale? she asked.
  Angry, Brynden Tully admitted. Lord Jon was much loved, and the insult was keenly felt when the king named Jaime Lannister to an office the Arryns had held for near three hundred years. Lysa has commanded us to call her son the True Warden of the East, but no one is fooled. Nor is your sister alone in wondering at the manner of the Hands death. None dare say Jon was murdered, not openly, but suspicion casts a long shadow. He gave Catelyn a look, his mouth tight. And there is the boy.
  The boy? What of him? She ducked her head as they passed under a low overhang of rock, and around a sharp turn.
  Her uncles voice was troubled. Lord Robert, he sighed. Six years old, sickly, and prone to weep if you take his dolls away. Jon Arryns trueborn heir, by all the gods, yet there are some who say he is too weak to sit his fathers seat, Nestor Royce has been high steward these past fourteen years, while Lord Jon served in Kings Landing, and many whisper that he should rule until the boy comes of age. Others believe that Lysa must marry again, and soon. Already the suitors gather like crows on a battlefield. The Eyrie is full of them.
I might have expected that, Catelyn said. Small wonder there; Lysa was still young, and the kingdom of Mountain and Vale made a handsome wedding gift. Will Lysa take another husband?
  She says yes, provided she finds a man who suits her, Brynden Tully said, but she has already rejected Lord Nestor and a dozen other suitable men. She swears that this time she will choose her lord husband.
  You of all people can scarce fault her for that.
  Ser Brynden snorted. Nor do I, but it seems to me Lysa is only playing at courtship. She enjoys the sport, but I believe your sister intends to rule herself until her boy is old enough to be Lord of the Eyrie in truth as well as name.
  A woman can rule as wisely as a man, Catelyn said.
  The right woman can, her uncle said with a sideways glance. Make no mistake, Cat. Lysa is not you. He hesitated a moment. If truth be told, I fear you may not find your sister as helpful as you would like.
  She was puzzled. What do you mean?
  The Lysa who came back from Kings Landing is not the same girl who went south when her husband was named Hand. Those years were hard for her. You must know. Lord Arryn was a dutiful husband, but their marriage was made from politics, not passion.
  As was my own.
  They began the same, but your ending has been happier than your sisters. Two babes stillborn, twice as many miscarriages, Lord Arryns death Catelyn, the gods gave Lysa only the one child, and he is all your sister lives for now, poor boy. Small wonder she fled rather than see him handed over to the Lannisters. Your sister is afraid, child, and the Lannisters are what she fears most. She ran to the Vale, stealing away from the Red Keep like a thief in the night, and all to snatch her son out of the lions mouth and now you have brought the lion to her door.
  In chains, Catelyn said. A crevasse yawned on her right, falling away into darkness. She reined up her horse and picked her way along step by careful step.
  Oh? Her uncle glanced back, to where Tyrion Lannister was making his slow descent behind them. I see an axe on his saddle, a dirk at his belt, and a sellsword that trails after him like a hungry shadow. Where are the chains, sweet one?
  Catelyn shifted uneasily in her seat. The dwarf is here, and not by choice. Chains or no, he is my prisoner. Lysa will want him to answer for his crimes no less than I. It was her own lord husband the Lannisters murdered, and her own letter that first warned us against them.
  Brynden Blackfish gave her a weary smile. I hope you are right, child, he sighed, in tones that said she was wrong.
  The sun was well to the west by the time the slope began to flatten beneath the hooves of their horses. The road widened and grew straight, and for the first time Catelyn noticed wildflowers and grasses growing. Once they reached the valley floor, the going was faster and they made good time, cantering through verdant greenwoods and sleepy little hamlets, past orchards and golden wheat fields, splashing across a dozen sunlit streams. Her uncle sent a standard-bearer ahead of them, a double banner flying from his staff; the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn on high, and below it his own black fish. Farm wagons and merchants carts and riders from lesser houses moved aside to let them pass.
  Even so, it was full dark before they reached the stout castle that stood at the foot of the Giants Lance. Torches flickered atop its ramparts, and the horned moon danced upon the dark waters of its moat. The drawbridge was up and the portcullis down, but Catelyn saw lights burning in the gatehouse and spilling from the windows of the square towers beyond.
  The Gates of the Moon, her uncle said as the party drew rein. His standard-bearer rode to the edge of the moat to hail the men in the gatehouse. Lord Nestors seat. He should be expecting us. Look up.
  Catelyn raised her eyes, up and up and up. At first all she saw was stone and trees, the looming mass of the great mountain shrouded in night, as black as a starless sky. Then she noticed the glow of distant fires well above them; a tower keep, built upon the steep side of the mountain, its lights like orange eyes staring down from above. Above that was another, higher and more distant, and still higher a third, no more than a flickering spark in the sky. And finally, up where the falcons soared, a flash of white in the moonlight. Vertigo washed over her as she stared upward at the pale towers, so far above.
  The Eyrie, she heard Marillion murmur, awed.
  The sharp voice of Tyrion Lannister broke in. The Arryns must not be overfond of company. If youre planning to make us climb that mountain in the dark, Id rather you kill me here.
  Well spend the night here and make the ascent on the morrow, Brynden told him.
  I can scarcely wait, the dwarf replied. How do we get up there? Ive no experience at riding goats.
  Mules, Brynden said, smiling.
  There are steps carved into the mountain, Catelyn said. Ned had told her about them when he talked of his youth here with Robert Baratheon and Jon Arryn.
  Her uncle nodded. It is too dark to see them, but the steps are there. Too steep and narrow for horses, but mules can manage them most of the way. The path is guarded by three waycastles, Stone and Snow and Sky. The mules will take us as far up as Sky.
  Tyrion Lannister glanced up doubtfully. And beyond that?
  Brynden smiled. Beyond that, the path is too steep even for mules. We ascend on foot the rest of the way. Or perchance youd prefer to ride a basket. The Eyrie clings to the mountain directly above Sky, and in its cellars are six great winches with long iron chains to draw supplies up from below. If you prefer, my lord of Lannister, I can arrange for you to ride up with the bread and beer and apples.
  The dwarf gave a bark of laughter. Would that I were a pumpkin, he said. Alas, my lord father would no doubt be most chagrined if his son of Lannister went to his fate like a load of turnips. If you ascend on foot, I fear I must do the same. We Lannisters do have a certain pride.
  Pride? Catelyn snapped. His mocking tone and easy manner made her angry. Arrogance, some might call it. Arrogance and avarice and lust for power.
  My brother is undoubtedly arrogant, Tyrion Lannister replied. My father is the soul of avarice, and my sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. I, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall I bleat for you? He grinned.
  The drawbridge came creaking down before she could reply, and they heard the sound of oiled chains as the portcullis was drawn up. Men-at-arms carried burning brands out to light their way, and her uncle led them across the moat. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, was waiting in the yard to greet them, surrounded by his knights. Lady Stark, he said, bowing. He was a massive, barrel-chested man, and his bow was clumsy.
  Catelyn dismounted to stand before him. Lord Nestor, she said. She knew the man only by reputation; Bronze Yohns cousin, from a lesser branch of House Royce, yet still a formidable lord in his own right. We have had a long and tiring journey. I would beg the hospitality of your roof tonight, if I might.
  My roof is yours, my lady, Lord Nestor returned gruffly, but your sister the Lady Lysa has sent down word from the Eyrie. She wishes to see you at once. The rest of your party will be housed here and sent up at first light.
  Her uncle swung off his horse. What madness is this? he said bluntly. Brynden Tully had never been a man to blunt the edge of his words. A night ascent, with the moon not even full? Even Lysa should know thats an invitation to a broken neck.
  The mules know the way, Ser Brynden. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years stepped up beside Lord Nestor. Her dark hair was cropped short and straight around her head, and she wore riding leathers and a light shirt of silvered ringmail. She bowed to Catelyn, more gracefully than her lord. I promise you, my lady, no harm will come to you. It would be my honor to take you up. Ive made the dark climb a hundred times. Mychel says my father must have been a goat.
  She sounded so cocky that Catelyn had to smile. Do you have a name, child?
  Mya Stone, if it please you, my lady, the girl said.
  It did not please her; it was an effort for Catelyn to keep the smile on her face. Stone was a bastards name in the Vale, as Snow was in the north, and Flowers in Highgarden; in each of the Seven Kingdoms, custom had fashioned a surname for children born with no names of their own. Catelyn had nothing against this girl, but suddenly she could not help but think of Neds bastard on the Wall, and the thought made her angry and guilty, both at once. She struggled to find words for a reply.
  Lord Nestor filled the silence. Myas a clever girl, and if she vows she will bring you safely to the Lady Lysa, I believe her. She has not failed me yet.
  Then I put myself in your hands, Mya Stone, Catelyn said. Lord Nestor, I charge you to keep a close guard on my prisoner.
  And I charge you to bring the prisoner a cup of wine and a nicely crisped capon, before he dies of hunger, Lannister said. A girl would be pleasant as well, but I suppose thats too much to ask of you. The sellsword Bronn laughed aloud.
  Lord Nestor ignored the banter. As you say, my lady, so it will be done. Only then did he look at the dwarf. See our lord of Lannister to a tower cell, and bring him meat and mead.
  Catelyn took her leave of her uncle and the others as Tyrion Lannister was led off, then followed the bastard girl through the castle. Two mules were waiting in the upper bailey, saddled and ready. Mya helped her mount one while a guardsman in a sky-blue cloak opened the narrow postern gate. Beyond was dense forest of pine and spruce, and the mountain like a black wall, but the steps were there, chiseled deep into the rock, ascending into the sky. Some people find it easier if they close their eyes, Mya said as she led the mules through the gate into the dark wood. When they get frightened or dizzy, sometimes they hold on to the mule too tight. They dont like that.
  I was born a Tully and wed to a Stark, Catelyn said. I do not frighten easily. Do you plan to light a torch? The steps were black as pitch.
  The girl made a face. Torches just blind you. On a clear night like this, the moon and the stars are enough. Mychel says I have the eyes of the owl. She mounted and urged her mule up the first step. Catelyns animal followed of its own accord.
  You mentioned Mychel before, Catelyn said. The mules set the pace, slow but steady. She was perfectly content with that.
  Mychels my love, Mya explained. Mychel Redfort. Hes squire to Ser Lyn Corbray. Were to wed as soon as he becomes a knight, next year or the year after.