Perhaps it was all in the knowing. They had ridden past the end of the world; somehow that changed everything. Every shadow seemed darker, every sound more ominous. The trees pressed close and shut out the light of the setting sun. A thin crust of snow cracked beneath the hooves of their horses, with a sound like breaking bones. When the wind set the leaves to rustling, it was like a chilly finger tracing a path up Jons spine. The Wall was at their backs, and only the gods knew what lay ahead.
  The sun was sinking below the trees when they reached their destination, a small clearing in the deep of the wood where nine weirwoods grew in a rough circle. Jon drew in a breath, and he saw Sam Tarly staring. Even in the wolfswood, you never found more than two or three of the white trees growing together; a grove of nine was unheard of. The forest floor was carpeted with fallen leaves, bloodred on top, black rot beneath. The wide smooth trunks were bone pale, and nine faces stared inward. The dried sap that crusted in the eyes was red and hard as ruby. Bowen Marsh commanded them to leave their horses outside the circle. This is a sacred place, we will not defile it.
  When they entered the grove, Samwell Tarly turned slowly looking at each face in turn. No two were quite alike. Theyre watching us, he whispered. The old gods.
  Yes. Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside him.
  They said the words together, as the last light faded in the west and grey day became black night.
  Hear my words, and bear witness to my vow, they recited, their voices filling the twilit grove. Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Nights Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
  The woods fell silent. You knelt as boys, Bowen Marsh intoned solemnly. Rise now as men of the Nights Watch.
  Jon held out a hand to pull Sam back to his feet. The rangers gathered round to offer smiles and congratulations, all but the gnarled old forester Dywen. Best we be starting back, mlord, he said to Bowen Marsh. Darks falling, and theres something in the smell o the night that I mislike.
  And suddenly Ghost was back, stalking softly between two weirwoods. White fur and red eyes, Jon realized, disquieted. Like the trees
  The wolf had something in his jaws. Something black. Whats he got there? asked Bowen Marsh, frowning.
  To me, Ghost. Jon knelt. Bring it here.
  The direwolf trotted to him. Jon heard Samwell Tarlys sharp intake of breath.
  Gods be good, Dywen muttered. Thats a hand.
 Eddard
  The grey light of dawn was streaming through his window when the thunder of hoofbeats awoke Eddard Stark from his brief, exhausted sleep. He lifted his head from the table to look down into the yard. Below, men in mail and leather and crimson cloaks were making the morning ring to the sound of swords, and riding down mock warriors stuffed with straw. Ned watched Sandor Clegane gallop across the hard-packed ground to drive an iron-tipped lance through a dummys head. Canvas ripped and straw exploded as Lannister guardsmen joked and cursed.
  Is this brave show for my benefit? he wondered. If so, Cersei was a greater fool than hed imagined. Damn her, he thought, why is the woman not fled? I have given her chance after chance
  The morning was overcast and grim. Ned broke his fast with his daughters and Septa Mordane. Sansa, still disconsolate, stared sullenly at her food and refused to eat, but Arya wolfed down everything that was set in front of her. Syrio says we have time for one last lesson before we take ship this evening, she said. Can I, Father? All my things are packed.
  A short lesson, and make certain you leave yourself time to bathe and change. I want you ready to leave by midday, is that understood?
  By midday, Arya said.
  Sansa looked up from her food. If she can have a dancing lesson, why wont you let me say farewell to Prince Joffrey?
  I would gladly go with her, Lord Eddard, Septa Mordane offered. There would be no question of her missing the ship.
  It would not be wise for you to go to Joffrey right now, Sansa. Im sorry.
  Sansas eyes filled with tears. But why?
  Sansa, your lord father knows best, Septa Mordane said. You are not to question his decisions.
  Its not fair! Sansa pushed back from her table, knocked over her chair, and ran weeping from the solar.
  Septa Mordane rose, but Ned gestured her back to her seat. Let her go, Septa. I will try to make her understand when we are all safely back in Winterfell. The septa bowed her head and sat down to finish her breakfast.
  It was an hour later when Grand Maester Pycelle came to Eddard Stark in his solar. His shoulders slumped, as if the weight of the great maesters chain around his neck had become too great to bear. My lord, he said, King Robert is gone. The gods give him rest.
  No, Ned answered. He hated rest. The gods give him love and laughter, and the joy of righteous battle. It was strange how empty he felt. He had been expecting the visit, and yet with those words, something died within him. He would have given all his titles for the freedom to weep but he was Roberts Hand, and the hour he dreaded had come. Be so good as to summon the members of the council here to my solar, he told Pycelle. The Tower of the Hand was as secure as he and Tomard could make it; he could not say the same for the council chambers.
  My lord? Pycelle blinked. Surely the affairs of the kingdom will keep till the morrow, when our grief is not so fresh.
  Ned was quiet but firm. I fear we must convene at once.
  Pycelle bowed. As the Hand commands. He called his servants and sent them running, then gratefully accepted Neds offer of a chair and a cup of sweet beer.
  Ser Barristan Selmy was the first to answer the summons, immaculate in white cloak and enameled scales. My lords, he said, my place is beside the young king now. Pray give me leave to attend him.
  Your place is here, Ser Barristan, Ned told him.
  Littlefinger came next, still garbed in the blue velvets and silver mockingbird cape he had worn the night previous, his boots dusty from riding. My lords, he said, smiling at nothing in particular before he turned to Ned. That little task you set me is accomplished, Lord Eddard.
  Varys entered in a wash of lavender, pink from his bath, his plump face scrubbed and freshly powdered, his soft slippers all but soundless. The little birds sing a grievous song today, he said as he seated himself. The realm weeps. Shall we begin?
  When Lord Renly arrives, Ned said.
  Varys gave him a sorrowful look. I fear Lord Renly has left the city.
  Left the city? Ned had counted on Renlys support.
  He took his leave through a postern gate an hour before dawn, accompanied by Ser Loras Tyrell and some fifty retainers, Varys told them. When last seen, they were galloping south in some haste, no doubt bound for Storms End or Highgarden.
  So much for Renly and his hundred swords. Ned did not like the smell of that, but there was nothing to be done for it. He drew out Roberts last letter. The king called me to his side last night and commanded me to record his final words. Lord Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle stood witness as Robert sealed the letter, to be opened by the council after his death. Ser Barristan, if you would be so kind?
  The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard examined the paper. King Roberts seal, and unbroken. He opened the letter and read. Lord Eddard Stark is herein named Protector of the Realm, to rule as regent until the heir comes of age.
  And as it happens, he is of age, Ned reflected, but he did not give voice to the thought. He trusted neither Pycelle nor Varys, and Ser Barristan was honor-bound to protect and defend the boy he thought his new king. The old knight would not abandon Joffrey easily. The need for deceit was a bitter taste in his mouth, but Ned knew he must tread softly here, must keep his counsel and play the game until he was firmly established as regent. There would be time enough to deal with the succession when Arya and Sansa were safely back in Winterfell, and Lord Stannis had returned to Kings Landing with all his power.
  I would ask this council to confirm me as Lord Protector, as Robert wished, Ned said, watching their faces, wondering what thoughts hid behind Pycelles half-closed eyes, Littlefingers lazy half-smile, and the nervous flutter of Varyss fingers.
  The door opened. Fat Tom stepped into the solar. Pardon, my lords, the kings steward insists
  The royal steward entered and bowed. Esteemed lords, the king demands the immediate presence of his small council in the throne room.
  Ned had expected Cersei to strike quickly; the summons came as no surprise. The king is dead, he said, but we shall go with you nonetheless. Tom, assemble an escort, if you would.
  Littlefinger gave Ned his arm to help him down the steps. Varys, Pycelle, and Ser Barristan followed close behind. A double column of men-at-arms in chainmail and steel helms was waiting outside the tower, eight strong. Grey cloaks snapped in the wind as the guardsmen marched them across the yard. There was no Lannister crimson to be seen, but Ned was reassured by the number of gold cloaks visible on the ramparts and at the gates.
  Janos Slynt met them at the door to the throne room, armored in ornate black-and-gold plate, with a high-crested helm under one arm. The Commander bowed stiffly. His men pushed open the great oaken doors, twenty feet tall and banded with bronze.
  The royal steward led them in. All hail His Grace, Joffrey of the Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, he sang out.
  It was a long walk to the far end of the hall, where Joffrey waited atop the Iron Throne. Supported by Littlefinger, Ned Stark slowly limped and hopped toward the boy who called himself king. The others followed. The first time he had come this way, he had been on horseback, sword in hand, and the Targaryen dragons had watched from the walls as he forced Jaime Lannister down from the throne. He wondered if Joffrey would step down quite so easily.
  Five knights of the Kingsguardall but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristanwere arrayed in a crescent around the base of the throne. They were in full armor, enameled steel from helm to heel, long pale cloaks over their shoulders, shining white shields strapped to their left arms. Cersei Lannister and her two younger children stood behind Ser Boros and Ser Meryn. The queen wore a gown of sea-green silk, trimmed with Myrish lace as pale as foam. On her finger was a golden ring with an emerald the size of a pigeons egg, on her head a matching tiara.
  Above them, Prince Joffrey sat amidst the barbs and spikes in a cloth-of-gold doublet and a red satin cape. Sandor Clegane was stationed at the foot of the thrones steep narrow stair. He wore mail and soot-grey plate and his snarling dogs-head helm.
  Behind the throne, twenty Lannister guardsmen waited with longswords hanging from their belts. Crimson cloaks draped their shoulders and steel lions crested their helms. But Littlefinger had kept his promise; all along the walls, in front of Roberts tapestries with their scenes of hunt and battle, the gold-cloaked ranks of the City Watch stood stiffly to attention, each mans hand clasped around the haft of an eight-foot-long spear tipped in black iron. They outnumbered the Lannisters five to one.
  Neds leg was a blaze of pain by the time he stopped. He kept a hand on Littlefingers shoulder to help support his weight.
  Joffrey stood. His red satin cape was patterned in gold thread; fifty roaring lions to one side, fifty prancing stags to the other. I command the council to make all the necessary arrangements for my coronation, the boy proclaimed. I wish to be crowned within the fortnight. Today I shall accept oaths of fealty from my loyal councillors.
  Ned produced Roberts letter. Lord Varys, be so kind as to show this to my lady of Lannister.
  The eunuch carried the letter to Cersei. The queen glanced at the words. Protector of the Realm, she read. Is this meant to be your shield, my lord? A piece of paper? She ripped the letter in half, ripped the halves in quarters, and let the pieces flutter to the floor.
  Those were the kings words, Ser Barristan said, shocked.
  We have a new king now, Cersei Lannister replied. Lord Eddard, when last we spoke, you gave me some counsel. Allow me to return the courtesy. Bend the knee, my lord. Bend the knee and swear fealty to my son, and we shall allow you to step down as Hand and live out your days in the grey waste you call home.
  Would that I could, Ned said grimly. If she was so determined to force the issue here and now, she left him no choice. Your son has no claim to the throne he sits. Lord Stannis is Roberts true heir.
  Liar! Joffrey screamed, his face reddening.
  Mother, what does he mean? Princess Myrcella asked the queen plaintively. Isnt Joff the king now?
  You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark, said Cersei Lannister. Ser Barristan, seize this traitor.
  The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard hesitated. In the blink of an eye he was surrounded by Stark guardsmen, bare steel in their mailed fists.
  And now the treason moves from words to deeds, Cersei said. Do you think Ser Barristan stands alone, my lord? With an ominous rasp of metal on metal, the Hound drew his longsword. The knights of the Kingsguard and twenty Lannister guardsmen in crimson cloaks moved to support him.
  Kill him! the boy king screamed down from the Iron Throne. Kill all of them, I command it!
  You leave me no choice, Ned told Cersei Lannister. He called out to Janos Slynt. Commander, take the queen and her children into custody. Do them no harm, but escort them back to the royal apartments and keep them there, under guard.
  Men of the Watch! Janos Slynt shouted, donning his helm. A hundred gold cloaks leveled their spears and closed.
  I want no bloodshed, Ned told the queen. Tell your men to lay down their swords, and no one need
  With a single sharp thrust, the nearest gold cloak drove his spear into Tomards back. Fat Toms blade dropped from nerveless fingers as the wet red point burst out through his ribs, piercing leather and mail. He was dead before his sword hit the floor.
  Neds shout came far too late. Janos Slynt himself slashed open Varlys throat. Cayn whirled, steel flashing, drove back the nearest spearman with a flurry of blows; for an instant it looked as though he might cut his way free. Then the Hound was on him. Sandor Cleganes first cut took off Cayns sword hand at the wrist; his second drove him to his knees and opened him from shoulder to breastbone.
  As his men died around him, Littlefinger slid Neds dagger from its sheath and shoved it up under his chin. His smile was apologetic. I did warn you not to trust me, you know.
 Arya
 High, Syrio Forel called out, slashing at her head. The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.
  Left, he shouted, and his blade came whistling. Hers darted to meet it. The clack made him click his teeth together.
  Right, he said, and Low, and Left, and Left again, faster and faster, moving forward. Arya retreated before him, checking each blow.
  Lunge, he warned, and when he thrust she sidestepped, swept his blade away, and slashed at his shoulder. She almost touched him, almost, so close it made her grin. A strand of hair dangled in her eyes, limp with sweat. She pushed it away with the back of her hand.
  Left, Syrio sang out. Low. His sword was a blur, and the Small Hall echoed to the clack clack clack. Left. Left. High. Left. Right. Left. Low. Left!
  The wooden blade caught her high in the breast, a sudden stinging blow that hurt all the more because it came from the wrong side. Ow, she cried out. She would have a fresh bruise there by the time she went to sleep, somewhere out at sea. A bruise is a lesson, she told herself, and each lesson makes us better.
  Syrio stepped back. You are dead now.
  Arya made a face. You cheated, she said hotly. You said left and you went right.
  Just so. And now you are a dead girl.
  But you lied!
  My words lied. My eyes and my arm shouted out the truth, but you were not seeing.
  I was so, Arya said. I watched you every second!
  Watching is not seeing, dead girl. The water dancer sees. Come, put down the sword, it is time for listening now.
  She followed him over to the wall, where he settled onto a bench. Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos, and are you knowing how that came to pass?
  You were the finest swordsman in the city.
  Just so, but why? Other men were stronger, faster, younger, why was Syrio Forel the best? I will tell you now. He touched the tip of his little finger lightly to his eyelid. The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of it.
  Hear me. The ships of Braavos sail as far as the winds blow, to lands strange and wonderful, and when they return their captains fetch queer animals to the Sealords menagerie. Such animals as you have never seen, striped horses, great spotted things with necks as long as stilts, hairy mouse-pigs as big as cows, stinging manticores, tigers that carry their cubs in a pouch, terrible walking lizards with scythes for claws. Syrio Forel has seen these things.
  On the day I am speaking of, the first sword was newly dead, and the Sealord sent for me. Many bravos had come to him, and as many had been sent away, none could say why. When I came into his presence, he was seated, and in his lap was a fat yellow cat. He told me that one of his captains had brought the beast to him, from an island beyond the sunrise. Have you ever seen her like? he asked of me.
  And to him I said, Each night in the alleys of Braavos I see a thousand like him, and the Sealord laughed, and that day I was named the first sword.
  Arya screwed up her face. I dont understand.
  Syrio clicked his teeth together. The cat was an ordinary cat, no more. The others expected a fabulous beast, so that is what they saw. How large it was, they said. It was no larger than any other cat, only fat from indolence, for the Sealord fed it from his own table. What curious small ears, they said. Its ears had been chewed away in kitten fights. And it was plainly a tomcat, yet the Sealord said her, and that is what the others saw. Are you hearing?
  Arya thought about it. You saw what was there.
  Just so. Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth.
  Just so, said Arya, grinning.
  Syrio Forel allowed himself a smile. I am thinking that when we are reaching this Winterfell of yours, it will be time to put this needle in your hand.
  Yes! Arya said eagerly. Wait till I show Jon
  Behind her the great wooden doors of the Small Hall flew open with a resounding crash. Arya whirled.
  A knight of the Kingsguard stood beneath the arch of the door with five Lannister guardsmen arrayed behind him. He was in full armor, but his visor was up. Arya remembered his droopy eyes and rustcolored whiskers from when he had come to Winterfell with the king: Ser Meryn Trant. The red cloaks wore mail shirts over boiled leather and steel caps with lion crests. Arya Stark, the knight said, come with us, child.
  Arya chewed her lip uncertainly. What do you want?
  Your father wants to see you.
  Arya took a step forward, but Syrio Forel held her by the arm. And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in the place of his own? I am wondering.
  Mind your place, dancing master, Ser Meryn said. This is no concern of yours.
  My father wouldnt send you, Arya said. She snatched up her stick sword. The Lannisters laughed.
  Put down the stick, girl, Ser Meryn told her. I am a Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, the White Swords.
  So was the Kingslayer when he killed the old king, Arya said. I dont have to go with you if I dont want.
  Ser Meryn Trant ran out of patience. Take her, he said to his men. He lowered the visor of his helm.
  Three of them started forward, chainmail clinking softly with each step. Arya was suddenly afraid. Fear cuts deeper than swords, she told herself, to slow the racing of her heart.
  Syrio Forel stepped between them, tapping his wooden sword lightly against his boot. You will be stopping there. Are you men or dogs that you would threaten a child?
  Out of the way, old man, one of the red cloaks said.
  Syrios stick came whistling up and rang against his helm. I am Syrio Forel, and you will now be speaking to me with more respect.
  Bald bastard. The man yanked free his longsword. The stick moved again, blindingly fast. Arya heard a loud crack as the sword went clattering to the stone floor. My hand, the guardsman yelped, cradling his broken fingers.
  You are quick, for a dancing master, said Ser Meryn.
  You are slow, for a knight, Syrio replied.
  Kill the Braavosi and bring me the girl, the knight in the white armor commanded.
  Four Lannister guardsmen unsheathed their swords. The fifth, with the broken fingers, spat and pulled free a dagger with his left hand.
  Syrio Forel clicked his teeth together, sliding into his water dancers stance, presenting only his side to the foe. Arya child, he called out, never looking, never taking his eyes off the Lannisters, we are done with dancing for the day. Best you are going now. Run to your father.
  Arya did not want to leave him, but he had taught her to do as he said. Swift as a deer, she whispered.
  Just so, said Syrio Forel as the Lannisters closed.
  Arya retreated, her own sword stick clutched tightly in her hand. Watching him now, she realized that Syrio had only been toying with her when they dueled. The red cloaks came at him from three sides with steel in their hands. They had chainmail over their chest and arms, and steel codpieces sewn into their pants, but only leather on their legs. Their hands were bare, and the caps they wore had noseguards, but no visor over the eyes.
  Syrio did not wait for them to reach him, but spun to his left. Arya had never seen a man move as fast. He checked one sword with his stick and whirled away from a second. Off balance, the second man lurched into the first. Syrio put a boot to his back and the red cloaks went down together. The third guard came leaping over them, slashing at the water dancers head. Syrio ducked under his blade and thrust upward. The guardsman fell screaming as blood welled from the wet red hole where his left eye had been.
  The fallen men were getting up. Syrio kicked one in the face and snatched the steel cap off the others head. The dagger man stabbed at him. Syrio caught the thrust in the helmet and shattered the mans kneecap with his stick. The last red cloak shouted a curse and charged, hacking down with both hands on his sword. Syrio rolled right, and the butchers cut caught the helmetless man between neck and shoulder as he struggled to his knees. The longsword crunched through mail and leather and flesh. The man on his knees shrieked. Before his killer could wrench free his blade, Syrio jabbed him in the apple of his throat. The guardsman gave a choked cry and staggered back, clutching at his neck, his face blackening.
  Five men were down, dead, or dying by the time Arya reached the back door that opened on the kitchen. She heard Ser Meryn Trant curse. Bloody oafs, he swore, drawing his longsword from its scabbard.
  Syrio Forel resumed his stance and clicked his teeth together. Arya child, he called out, never looking at her, be gone now.
  Look with your eyes, he had said. She saw: the knight in his pale armor head to foot, legs, throat, and hands sheathed in metal, eyes hidden behind his high white helm, and in his hand cruel steel. Against that: Syrio, in a leather vest, with a wooden sword in his hand. Syrio, run, she screamed.
  The first sword of Braavos does not run, he sang as Ser Meryn slashed at him. Syrio danced away from his cut, his stick a blur. In a heartbeat, he had bounced blows off the knights temple, elbow, and throat, the wood ringing against the metal of helm, gauntlet, and gorget. Arya stood frozen. Ser Meryn advanced; Syrio backed away. He checked the next blow, spun away from the second, deflected the third.
  The fourth sliced his stick in two, splintering the wood and shearing through the lead core.
  Sobbing, Arya spun and ran.
  She plunged through the kitchens and buttery, blind with panic, weaving between cooks and potboys. A bakers helper stepped in front of her, holding a wooden tray. Arya bowled her over, scattering fragrant loaves of fresh-baked bread on the floor. She heard shouting behind her as she spun around a portly butcher who stood gaping at her with a cleaver in his hands. His arms were red to the elbow.
  All that Syrio Forel had taught her went racing through her head. Swift as a deer. Quiet as a shadow. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Quick as a snake. Calm as still water. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Strong as a bear. Fierce as a wolverine. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The man who fears losing has already lost. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The grip of her wooden sword was slick with sweat, and Arya was breathing hard when she reached the turret stair. For an instant she froze. Up or down? Up would take her to the covered bridge that spanned the small court to the Tower of the Hand, but that would be the way theyd expect her to go, for certain. Never do what they expect, Syrio once said. Arya went down, around and around, leaping over the narrow stone steps two and three at a time. She emerged in a cavernous vaulted cellar, surrounded by casks of ale stacked twenty feet tall. The only light came through narrow slanting windows high in the wall.
  The cellar was a dead end. There was no way out but the way she had come in. She dare not go back up those steps, but she couldnt stay here, either. She had to find her father and tell him what had happened. Her father would protect her.
  Arya thrust her wooden sword through her belt and began to climb, leaping from cask to cask until she could reach the window. Grasping the stone with both hands, she pulled herself up. The wall was three feet thick, the window a tunnel slanting up and out. Arya wriggled toward daylight. When her head reached ground level, she peered across the bailey to the Tower of the Hand.
  The stout wooden door hung splintered and broken, as if by axes. A dead man sprawled facedown on the steps, his cloak tangled beneath him, the back of his mailed shirt soaked red. The corpses cloak was grey wool trimmed with white satin, she saw with sudden terror. She could not tell who he was.
  No, she whispered. What was happening? Where was her father? Why had the red cloaks come for her? She remembered what the man with the yellow beard had said, the day she had found the monsters. If one Hand can die, why not a second? Arya felt tears in her eyes. She held her breath to listen. She heard the sounds of fighting, shouts, screams, the clang of steel on steel, coming through the windows of the Tower of the Hand.
  She could not go back. Her father
  Arya closed her eyes. For a moment she was too frightened to move. They had killed Jory and Wyl and Heward, and that guardsman on the step, whoever he had been. They could kill her father too, and her if they caught her. Fear cuts deeper than swords, she said aloud, but it was no good pretending to be a water dancer, Syrio had been a water dancer and the white knight had probably killed him, and anyhow she was only a little girl with a wooden stick, alone and afraid.
  She squirmed out into the yard, glancing around warily as she climbed to her feet. The castle seemed deserted. The Red Keep was never deserted. All the people must be hiding inside, their doors barred. Arya glanced up longingly at her bedchamber, then moved away from the Tower of the Hand, keeping close to the wall as she slid from shadow to shadow. She pretended she was chasing cats except she was the cat now, and if they caught her, they would kill her.
  Moving between buildings and over walls, keeping stone to her back wherever possible so no one could surprise her, Arya reached the stables almost without incident. A dozen gold cloaks in mail and plate ran past as she was edging across the inner bailey, but without knowing whose side they were on, she hunched down low in the shadows and let them pass.
  Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember, was slumped on the ground by the stable door. He had been stabbed so many times it looked as if his tunic was patterned with scarlet flowers. Arya was certain he was dead, but when she crept closer, his eyes opened. Arya Underfoot, he whispered. You must warn your your lord father Frothy red spittle bubbled from his mouth. The master of horse closed his eyes again and said no more.
  Inside were more bodies; a groom she had played with, and three of her fathers household guard. A wagon, laden with crates and chests, stood abandoned near the door of the stable. The dead men must have been loading it for the trip to the docks when they were attacked. Arya snuck closer. One of the corpses was Desmond, whod shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father. He lay on his back, staring blindly at the ceiling as flies crawled across his eyes. Close to him was a dead man in the red cloak and lion-crest helm of the Lannisters. Only one, though. Every northerner is worth ten of these southron swords, Desmond had told her. You liar! she said, kicking his body in a sudden fury.
  The animals were restless in their stalls, whickering and snorting at the scent of blood. Aryas only plan was to saddle a horse and flee, away from the castle and the city. All she had to do was stay on the kingsroad and it would take her back to Winterfell. She took a bridle and harness off the wall.
  As she crossed in back of the wagon, a fallen chest caught her eye. It must have been knocked down in the fight or dropped as it was being loaded. The wood had split, the lid opening to spill the chests contents across the ground. Arya recognized silks and satins and velvets she never wore. She might need warm clothes on the kingsroad, though and besides.