They wore black iron halfhelms and black woolen cloaks patterned with the white sunburst. Hodor trotted along beside them, smiling to himself, his boots thudding against the wood of the drawbridge. The riders gave them queer looks as they went by, and once Bran heard someone guffaw. He refused to let it trouble him. Men will look at you, Maester Luwin had warned him the first time they had strapped the wicker basket around Hodors chest. They will look, and they will talk, and some will mock you. Let them mock, Bran thought. No one mocked him in his bedchamber, but he would not live his life in bed.
  As they passed beneath the gatehouse portcullis, Bran put two fingers into his mouth and whistled. Summer came loping across the yard. Suddenly the Karstark lancers were fighting for control, as their horses rolled their eyes and whickered in dismay. One stallion reared, screaming, his rider cursing and hanging on desperately. The scent of the direwolves sent horses into a frenzy of fear if they were not accustomed to it, but theyd quiet soon enough once Summer was gone. The godswood, Bran reminded Hodor.
  Even Winterfell itself was crowded. The yard rang to the sound of sword and axe, the rumble of wagons, and the barking of dogs. The armory doors were open, and Bran glimpsed Mikken at his forge, his hammer ringing as sweat dripped off his bare chest. Bran had never seen as many strangers in all his years, not even when King Robert had come to visit Father.
  He tried not to flinch as Hodor ducked through a low door. They walked down a long dim hallway, Summer padding easily beside them. The wolf glanced up from time to time, eyes smoldering like liquid gold. Bran would have liked to touch him, but he was riding too high for his hand to reach.
  The godswood was an island of peace in the sea of chaos that Winterfell had become. Hodor made his way through the dense stands of oak and ironwood and sentinels, to the still pool beside the heart tree. He stopped under the gnarled limbs of the weirwood, humming. Bran reached up over his head and pulled himself out of his seat, drawing the dead weight of his legs up through the holes in the wicker basket. He hung for a moment, dangling, the dark red leaves brushing against his face, until Hodor lifted him and lowered him to the smooth stone beside the water. I want to be by myself for a while, he said. You go soak. Go to the pools.
  Hodor. Hodor stomped through the trees and vanished. Across the godswood, beneath the windows of the Guest House, an underground hot spring fed three small ponds. Steam rose from the water day and night, and the wall that loomed above was thick with moss. Hodor hated cold water, and would fight like a treed wildcat when threatened with soap, but he would happily immerse himself in the hottest pool and sit for hours, giving a loud burp to echo the spring whenever a bubble rose from the murky green depths to break upon the surface.
  Summer lapped at the water and settled down at Brans side. He rubbed the wolf under the jaw, and for a moment boy and beast both felt at peace. Bran had always liked the godswood, even before, but of late he found himself drawn to it more and more. Even the heart tree no longer scared him the way it used to. The deep red eyes carved into the pale trunk still watched him, yet somehow he took comfort from that now. The gods were looking over him, he told himself; the old gods, gods of the Starks and the First Men and the children of the forest, his fathers gods. He felt safe in their sight, and the deep silence of the trees helped him think. Bran had been thinking a lot since his fall; thinking, and dreaming, and talking with the gods.
  Please make it so Robb wont go away, he prayed softly. He moved his hand through the cold water, sending ripples across the pool. Please make him stay. Or if he has to go, bring him home safe, with Mother and Father and the girls. And make it make it so Rickon understands.
  His baby brother had been wild as a winter storm since he learned Robb was riding off to war, weeping and angry by turns. Hed refused to eat, cried and screamed for most of a night, even punched Old Nan when she tried to sing him to sleep, and the next day hed vanished. Robb had set half the castle searching for him, and when at last theyd found him down in the crypts, Rickon had slashed at them with a rusted iron sword hed snatched from a dead kings hand, and Shaggydog had come slavering out of the darkness like a green-eyed demon. The wolf was near as wild as Rickon; hed bitten Gage on the arm and torn a chunk of flesh from Mikkens thigh. It had taken Robb himself and Grey Wind to bring him to bay. Farlen had the black wolf chained up in the kennels now, and Rickon cried all the more for being without him.
  Maester Luwin counseled Robb to remain at Winterfell, and Bran pleaded with him too, for his own sake as much as Rickons, but his brother only shook his head stubbornly and said, I dont want to go. I have to.
  It was only half a lie. Someone had to go, to hold the Neck and help the Tullys against the Lannisters, Bran could understand that, but it did not have to be Robb. His brother might have given the command to Hal Mollen or Theon Greyjoy, or to one of his lords bannermen. Maester Luwin urged him to do just that, but Robb would not hear of it. My lord father would never have sent men off to die while he huddled like a craven behind the walls of Winterfell, he said, all Robb the Lord.
  Robb seemed half a stranger to Bran now, transformed, a lord in truth, though he had not yet seen his sixteenth name day. Even their fathers bannermen seemed to sense it. Many tried to test him, each in his own way. Roose Bolton and Robett Glover both demanded the honor of battle command, the first brusquely, the second with a smile and a jest. Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, told Robb bluntly that he was young enough to be her grandson, and had no business giving her commands but as it happened, she had a granddaughter she would be willing to have him marry. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had actually brought his daughter with him, a plump, homely maid of thirty years who sat at her fathers left hand and never lifted her eyes from her plate. Jovial Lord Hornwood had no daughters, but he did bring gifts, a horse one day, a haunch of venison the next, a silver-chased hunting horn the day after, and he asked nothing in return nothing but a certain holdfast taken from his grandfather, and hunting rights north of a certain ridge, and leave to dam the White Knife, if it please the lord.
  Robb answered each of them with cool courtesy, much as Father might have, and somehow he bent them to his will.
  And when Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide, threatened to take his forces home if he was placed behind the Hornwoods or the Cerwyns in the order of march, Robb told him he was welcome to do so. And when we are done with the Lannisters, he promised, scratching Grey Wind behind the ear, we will march back north, root you out of your keep, and hang you for an oathbreaker. Cursing, the Greatjon flung a flagon of ale into the fire and bellowed that Robb was so green he must piss grass. When Hallis Mollen moved to restrain him, he knocked him to the floor, kicked over a table, and unsheathed the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen. All along the benches, his sons and brothers and sworn swords leapt to their feet, grabbing for their steel.
  Yet Robb only said a quiet word, and in a snarl and the blink of an eye Lord Umber was on his back, his sword spinning on the floor three feet away and his hand dripping blood where Grey Wind had bitten off two fingers. My lord father taught me that it was death to bare steel against your liege lord, Robb said, but doubtless you only meant to cut my meat. Brans bowels went to water as the Greatjon struggled to rise, sucking at the red stumps of fingers but then, astonishingly, the huge man laughed. Your meat, he roared, is bloody tough.
  And somehow after that the Greatjon became Robbs right hand, his staunchest champion, loudly telling all and sundry that the boy lord was a Stark after all, and theyd damn well better bend their knees if they didnt fancy having them chewed off.
  Yet that very night, his brother came to Brans bedchamber pale and shaken, after the fires had burned low in the Great Hall. I thought he was going to kill me, Robb confessed. Did you see the way he threw down Hal, like he was no bigger than Rickon? Gods, I was so scared. And the Greatjons not the worst of them, only the loudest. Lord Roose never says a word, he only looks at me, and all I can think of is that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies.
  Thats just one of Old Nans stories, Bran said. A note of doubt crept into his voice. Isnt it?
  I dont know. He gave a weary shake of his head. Lord Cerwyn means to take his daughter south with us. To cook for him, he says. Theon is certain Ill find the girl in my bedroll one night. I wish I wish Father was here
  That was the one thing they could agree on, Bran and Rickon and Robb the Lord; they all wished Father was here. But Lord Eddard was a thousand leagues away, a captive in some dungeon, a hunted fugitive running for his life, or even dead. No one seemed to know for certain; every traveler told a different tale, each more terrifying than the last. The heads of Fathers guardsmen were rotting on the walls of the Red Keep, impaled on spikes. King Robert was dead at Fathers hands. The Baratheons had laid siege to Kings Landing. Lord Eddard had fled south with the kings wicked brother Renly. Arya and Sansa had been murdered by the Hound. Mother had killed Tyrion the Imp and hung his body from the walls of Riverrun. Lord Tywin Lannister was marching on the Eyrie, burning and slaughtering as he went. One wine-sodden taleteller even claimed that Rhaegar Targaryen had returned from the dead and was marshaling a vast host of ancient heroes on Dragonstone to reclaim his fathers throne.
  When the raven came, bearing a letter marked with Fathers own seal and written in Sansas hand, the cruel truth seemed no less incredible. Bran would never forget the look on Robbs face as he stared at their sisters words. She says Father conspired at treason with the kings brothers, he read. King Robert is dead, and Mother and I are summoned to the Red Keep to swear fealty to Joffrey. She says we must be loyal, and when she marries Joffrey she will plead with him to spare our lord fathers life. His fingers closed into a fist, crushing Sansas letter between them. And she says nothing of Arya, nothing, not so much as a word. Damn her! Whats wrong with the girl?
  Bran felt all cold inside. She lost her wolf, he said, weakly, remembering the day when four of his fathers guardsmen had returned from the south with Ladys bones. Summer and Grey Wind and Shaggydog had begun to howl before they crossed the drawbridge, in voices drawn and desolate. Beneath the shadow of the First Keep was an ancient lichyard, its headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid their faithful servants. It was there they buried Lady, while her brothers stalked between the graves like restless shadows. She had gone south, and only her bones had returned.
  Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard, had gone as well, with his son Brandon who was Fathers brother, and two hundred of his best men. None had ever returned. And Father had gone south, with Arya and Sansa, and Jory and Hullen and Fat Tom and the rest, and later Mother and Ser Rodrik had gone, and they hadnt come back either. And now Robb meant to go. Not to Kings Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in his hand. And if their lord father were truly a prisoner, that could mean his death for a certainty. It frightened Bran more than he could say.
  If Robb has to go, watch over him, Bran entreated the old gods, as they watched him with the heart trees red eyes, and watch over his men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords. And Theon too, I suppose. Watch them and keep them safe, if it please you, gods. Help them defeat the Lannisters and save Father and bring them home.
  A faint wind sighed through the godswood and the red leaves stirred and whispered. Summer bared his teeth. You hear them, boy? a voice asked.
  Bran lifted his head. Osha stood across the pool, beneath an ancient oak, her face shadowed by leaves. Even in irons, the wildling moved quiet as a cat. Summer circled the pool, sniffed at her. The tall woman flinched.
  Summer, to me, Bran called. The direwolf took one final sniff, spun, and bounded back. Bran wrapped his arms around him. What are you doing here? He had not seen Osha since theyd taken her captive in the wolfswood, though he knew shed been set to working in the kitchens.
  They are my gods too, Osha said. Beyond the Wall, they are the only gods. Her hair was growing out, brown and shaggy. It made her look more womanly, that and the simple dress of brown roughspun theyd given her when they took her mail and leather. Gage lets me have my prayers from time to time, when I feel the need, and I let him do as he likes under my skirt, when he feels the need. Its nothing to me. I like the smell of flour on his hands, and hes gentler than Stiv. She gave an awkward bow. Ill leave you. Theres pots that want scouring.
  No, stay, Bran commanded her. Tell me what you meant, about hearing the gods.
  Osha studied him. You asked them and theyre answering. Open your ears, listen, youll hear.
  Bran listened. Its only the wind, he said after a moment, uncertain. The leaves are rustling.
  Who do you think sends the wind, if not the gods? She seated herself across the pool from him, clinking faintly as she moved. Mikken had fixed iron manacles to her ankles, with a heavy chain between them; she could walk, so long as she kept her strides small, but there was no way for her to run, or climb, or mount a horse. They see you, boy. They hear you talking. That rustling, thats them talking back.
  What are they saying?
  Theyre sad. Your lord brother will get no help from them, not where hes going. The old gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down, thousands of years ago. How can they watch your brother when they have no eyes?
  Bran had not thought of that. It frightened him. If even the gods could not help his brother, what hope was there? Maybe Osha wasnt hearing them right. He cocked his head and tried to listen again. He thought he could hear the sadness now, but nothing more than that.
  The rustling grew louder. Bran heard muffled footfalls and a low humming, and Hodor came blundering out of the trees, naked and smiling. Hodor!
  He must have heard our voices, Bran said. Hodor, you forgot your clothes.
  Hodor, Hodor agreed. He was dripping wet from the neck down, steaming in the chill air. His body was covered with brown hair, thick as a pelt. Between his legs, his manhood swung long and heavy.
  Osha eyed him with a sour smile. Now theres a big man, she said. He has giants blood in him, or Im the queen.
  Maester Luwin says there are no more giants. He says theyre all dead, like the children of the forest. All thats left of them are old bones in the earth that men turn up with plows from time to time.
  Let Maester Luwin ride beyond the Wall, Osha said. Hell find giants then, or theyll find him. My brother killed one. Ten foot tall she was, and stunted at that. Theyve been known to grow big as twelve and thirteen feet. Fierce things they are too, all hair and teeth, and the wives have beards like their husbands, so theres no telling them apart. The women take human men for lovers, and its from them the half bloods come. It goes harder on the women they catch. The men are so big theyll rip a maid apart before they get her with child. She grinned at him. But you dont know what I mean, do you, boy?
  Yes I do, Bran insisted. He understood about mating; he had seen dogs in the yard, and watched a stallion mount a mare. But talking about it made him uncomfortable. He looked at Hodor. Go back and bring your clothes, Hodor, he said. Go dress.
  Hodor. He walked back the way he had come, ducking under a low-hanging tree limb.
  He was awfully big, Bran thought as he watched him go. Are there truly giants beyond the Wall? he asked Osha, uncertainly.
  Giants and worse than giants, Lordling. I tried to tell your brother when he asked his questions, him and your maester and that smiley boy Greyjoy. The cold winds are rising, and men go out from their fires and never come back or if they do, theyre not men no more, but only wights, with blue eyes and cold black hands. Why do you think I run south with Stiv and Hali and the rest of them fools? Mance thinks hell fight, the brave sweet stubborn man, like the white walkers were no more than rangers, but what does he know? He can call himself King-beyond-the-Wall all he likes, but hes still just another old black crow who flew down from the Shadow Tower. Hes never tasted winter. I was born up there, child, like my mother and her mother before her and her mother before her, born of the Free Folk. We remember. Osha stood, her chains rattling together. I tried to tell your lordling brother. Only yesterday, when I saw him in the yard. Mlord Stark, I called to him, respectful as you please, but he looked through me, and that sweaty oaf Greatjon Umber shoves me out of the path. So be it. Ill wear my irons and hold my tongue. A man who wont listen cant hear.
  Tell me. Robb will listen to me, I know he will.
  Will he now? Well see. You tell him this, mlord. You tell him hes bound on marching the wrong way. Its north he should be taking his swords. North, not south. You hear me?
  Bran nodded. Ill tell him.
  But that night, when they feasted in the Great Hall, Robb was not with them. He took his meal in the solar instead, with Lord Rickard and the Greatjon and the other lords bannermen, to make the final plans for the long march to come. It was left to Bran to fill his place at the head of the table, and act the host to Lord Karstarks sons and honored friends. They were already at their places when Hodor carried Bran into the hall on his back, and knelt beside the high seat. Two of the serving men helped lift him from his basket. Bran could feel the eyes of every stranger in the hall. It had grown quiet. My lords, Hallis Mollen announced, Brandon Stark, of Winterfell.
  I welcome you to our fires, Bran said stiffly, and offer you meat and mead in honor of our friendship.
  Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickards sons, bowed, and his brothers after him, yet as they settled back in their places he heard the younger two talking in low voices, over the clatter of wine cups. sooner die than live like that, muttered one, his fathers namesake Eddard, and his brother Torrhen said likely the boy was broken inside as well as out, too craven to take his own life.
  Broken, Bran thought bitterly as he clutched his knife. Is that what he was now? Bran the Broken? I dont want to be broken, he whispered fiercely to Maester Luwin, whod been seated to his right. I want to be a knight.
  There are some who call my order the knights of the mind, Luwin replied. You are a surpassing clever boy when you work at it, Bran. Have you ever thought that you might wear a maesters chain? There is no limit to what you might learn.
  I want to learn magic, Bran told him. The crow promised that I would fly.
  Maester Luwin sighed. I can teach you history, healing, herblore. I can teach you the speech of ravens, and how to build a castle, and the way a sailor steers his ship by the stars. I can teach you to measure the days and mark the seasons, and at the Citadel in Oldtown they can teach you a thousand things more. But, Bran, no man can teach you magic.
  The children could, Bran said. The children of the forest. That reminded him of the promise he had made to Osha in the godswood, so he told Luwin what she had said.
  The maester listened politely. The wildling woman could give Old Nan lessons in telling tales, I think, he said when Bran was done. I will talk with her again if you like, but it would be best if you did not trouble your brother with this folly. He has more than enough to concern him without fretting over giants and dead men in the woods. Its the Lannisters who hold your lord father, Bran, not the children of the forest. He put a gentle hand on Brans arm. Think on what I said, child.
  And two days later, as a red dawn broke across a windswept sky, Bran found himself in the yard beneath the gatehouse, strapped atop Dancer as he said his farewells to his brother.
  You are the lord in Winterfell now, Robb told him. He was mounted on a shaggy grey stallion, his shield hung from the horses side; wood banded with iron, white and grey, and on it the snarling face of a direwolf. His brother wore grey chainmail over bleached leathers, sword and dagger at his waist, a fur-trimmed cloak across his shoulders. You must take my place, as I took Fathers, until we come home.
  I know, Bran replied miserably. He had never felt so little or alone or scared. He did not know how to be a lord.
  Listen to Maester Luwins counsel, and take care of Rickon. Tell him that Ill be back as soon as the fighting is done.
  Rickon had refused to come down. He was up in his chamber, redeyed and defiant. No! hed screamed when Bran had asked if he didnt want to say farewell to Robb. NO farewell!
  I told him, Bran said. He says no one ever comes back.
  He cant be a baby forever. Hes a Stark, and near four. Robb sighed. Well, Mother will be home soon. And Ill bring back Father, I promise.
  He wheeled his courser around and trotted away. Grey Wind followed, loping beside the warhorse, lean and swift. Hallis Mollen went before them through the gate, carrying the rippling white banner of House Stark atop a high standard of grey ash. Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon fell in on either side of Robb, and their knights formed up in a double column behind them, steel-tipped lances glinting in the sun.
  Uncomfortably, he remembered Oshas words. Hes marching the wrong way, he thought. For an instant he wanted to gallop after him and shout a warning, but when Robb vanished beneath the portcullis, the moment was gone.
  Beyond the castle walls, a roar of sound went up. The foot soldiers and townsfolk were cheering Robb as he rode past, Bran knew; cheering for Lord Stark, for the Lord of Winterfell on his great stallion, with his cloak streaming and Grey Wind racing beside him. They would never cheer for him that way, he realized with a dull ache. He might be the lord in Winterfell while his brother and father were gone, but he was still Bran the Broken. He could not even get off his own horse, except to fall.
  When the distant cheers had faded to silence and the yard was empty at last, Winterfell seemed deserted and dead. Bran looked around at the faces of those who remained, women and children and old men and Hodor. The huge stableboy had a lost and frightened look to his face. Hodor? he said sadly.
  Hodor, Bran agreed, wondering what it meant.
 Daenerys
  When he had taken his pleasure, Khal Drogo rose from their sleeping mats to tower above her. His skin shone dark as bronze in the ruddy light from the brazier, the faint lines of old scars visible on his broad chest. Ink-black hair, loose and unbound, cascaded over his shoulders and down his back, well past his waist. His manhood glistened wetly. The khals mouth twisted in a frown beneath the droop of his long mustachio. The stallion who mounts the world has no need of iron chairs.
  Dany propped herself on an elbow to look up at him, so tall and magnificent. She loved his hair especially. It had never been cut; he had never known defeat. It was prophesied that the stallion will ride to the ends of the earth, she said.
  The earth ends at the black salt sea, Drogo answered at once. He wet a cloth in a basin of warm water to wipe the sweat and oil from his skin. No horse can cross the poison water.
  In the Free Cities, there are ships by the thousand, Dany told him, as she had told him before. Wooden horses with a hundred legs, that fly across the sea on wings full of wind.
  Khal Drogo did not want to hear it. We will speak no more of wooden horses and iron chairs. He dropped the cloth and began to dress. This day I will go to the grass and hunt, woman wife, he announced as he shrugged into a painted vest and buckled on a wide belt with heavy medallions of silver, gold, and bronze.
  Yes, my sun-and-stars, Dany said. Drogo would take his bloodriders and ride in search of hrakkar, the great white lion of the plains. If they returned triumphant, her lord husbands joy would be fierce, and he might be willing to hear her out.
  Savage beasts he did not fear, nor any man who had ever drawn breath, but the sea was a different matter. To the Dothraki, water that a horse could not drink was something foul; the heaving grey-green plains of the ocean filled them with superstitious loathing. Drogo was a bolder man than the other horselords in half a hundred ways, she had found but not in this. If only she could get him onto a ship
  After the khal and his bloodriders had ridden off with their bows, Dany summoned her handmaids. Her body felt so fat and ungainly now that she welcomed the help of their strong arms and deft hands, whereas before she had often been uncomfortable with the way they fussed and fluttered about her. They scrubbed her clean and dressed her in sandsilk, loose and flowing. As Doreah combed out her hair, she sent Jhiqui to find Ser Jorah Mormont.
  The knight came at once. He wore horsehair leggings and painted vest, like a rider. Coarse black hair covered his thick chest and muscular arms. My princess. How may I serve you?
  You must talk to my lord husband, Dany said. Drogo says the stallion who mounts the world will have all the lands of the earth to rule, and no need to cross the poison water. He talks of leading his khalasar east after Rhaego is born, to plunder the lands around the Jade Sea.
  The knight looked thoughtful. The khal has never seen the Seven Kingdoms, he said. They are nothing to him. If he thinks of them at all, no doubt he thinks of islands, a few small cities clinging to rocks in the manner of Lorath or Lys, surrounded by stormy seas. The riches of the east must seem a more tempting prospect.
  But he must ride west, Dany said, despairing. Please, help me make him understand. She had never seen the Seven Kingdoms either, no more than Drogo, yet she felt as though she knew them from all the tales her brother had told her. Viserys had promised her a thousand times that he would take her back one day, but he was dead now and his promises had died with him.
  The Dothraki do things in their own time, for their own reasons, the knight answered. Have patience, Princess. Do not make your brothers mistake. We will go home, I promise you.
  Home? The word made her feel sad. Ser Jorah had his Bear Island, but what was home to her? A few tales, names recited as solemnly as the words of a prayer, the fading memory of a red door was Vaes Dothrak to be her home forever? When she looked at the crones of the dosh khaleen, was she looking at her future?
  Ser Jorah must have seen the sadness on her face. A great caravan arrived during the night, Khaleesi. Four hundred horses, from Pentos by way of Norvos and Qohor, under the command of Merchant Captain Byan Votyris. Illyrio may have sent a letter. Would you care to visit the Western Market?
  Dany stirred. Yes, she said. I would like that. The markets came alive when a caravan had come in. You could never tell what treasures the traders might bring this time, and it would be good to hear men speaking Valyrian again, as they did in the Free Cities. Irri, have them prepare a litter.
  I shall tell your khas, Ser Jorah said, withdrawing.
  If Khal Drogo had been with her, Dany would have ridden her silver. Among the Dothraki, mothers stayed on horseback almost up to the moment of birth, and she did not want to seem weak in her husbands eyes. But with the khal off hunting, it was pleasant to lie back on soft cushions and be carried across Vaes Dothrak, with red silk curtains to shield her from the sun. Ser Jorah saddled up and rode beside her, with the four young men of her khas and her handmaids.
  The day was warm and cloudless, the sky a deep blue. When the wind blew, she could smell the rich scents of grass and earth. As her litter passed beneath the stolen monuments, she went from sunlight to shadow and back again. Dany swayed along, studying the faces of dead heroes and forgotten kings. She wondered if the gods of burned cities could still answer prayers.
  If I were not the blood of the dragon, she thought wistfully, this could be my home. She was khaleesi, she had a strong man and a swift horse, handmaids to serve her, warriors to keep her safe, an honored place in the dosh khaleen awaiting her when she grew old and in her womb grew a son who would one day bestride the world. That should be enough for any woman but not for the dragon. With Viserys gone, Daenerys was the last, the very last. She was the seed of kings and conquerors, and so too the child inside her. She must not forget.
  The Western Market was a great square of beaten earth surrounded by warrens of mud-baked brick, animal pens, whitewashed drinking halls. Hummocks rose from the ground like the backs of great subterranean beasts breaking the surface, yawning black mouths leading down to cool and cavernous storerooms below. The interior of the square was a maze of stalls and crookback aisles, shaded by awnings of woven grass.