Again they were given fresh mules. Hers was white. Mya smiled when she saw him. Whiteys a good one, my lady. Sure of foot, even on ice, but you need to be careful. Hell kick if he doesnt like you.
  The         white mule seemed to like Catelyn; there was no kicking, thank the gods. There was no ice either, and she was grateful for that as well. My mother says that hundreds of years ago, this was where the snow began, Mya told her. It was always white above here, and the ice never melted. She shrugged. I cant remember ever seeing snow this far down the mountain, but maybe it was that way once, in the olden times.
  So young, Catelyn thought, trying to remember if she had ever been like that. The girl had lived half her life in summer, and that was all she knew. Winter is coming, child, she wanted to tell her. The words were on her lips; she almost said them. Perhaps she was becoming a Stark at last.
  Above Snow, the wind was a living thing, howling around them like a wolf in the waste, then falling off to nothing as if to lure them into complacency. The stars seemed brighter up here, so close that she could almost touch them, and the horned moon was huge in the clear black sky. As they climbed, Catelyn found it was better to look up than down. The steps were cracked and broken from centuries of freeze and thaw and the tread of countless mules, and even in the dark the heights put her heart in her throat. When they came to a high saddle between two spires of rock, Mya dismounted. Its best to lead the mules over, she said. The wind can be a little scary here, my lady.
  Catelyn climbed stiffly from the shadows and looked at the path ahead; twenty feet long and close to three feet wide, but with a precipitous drop to either side. She could hear the wind shrieking. Mya stepped lightly out, her mule following as calmly as if they were crossing a bailey. It was her turn. Yet no sooner had she taken her first step than fear caught Catelyn in its jaws. She could feel the emptiness, the vast black gulfs of air that yawned around her. She stopped, trembling, afraid to move. The wind screamed at her and wrenched at her cloak, trying to pull her over the edge. Catelyn edged her foot backward, the most timid of steps, but the mule was behind her, and she could not retreat. I am going to die here, she thought. She could feel cold sweat trickling down her back.
  Lady Stark, Mya called across the gulf. The girl sounded a thousand leagues away. Are you well?
  Catelyn Tully Stark swallowed what remained of her pride. I I cannot do this, child, she called out.
  Yes you can, the bastard girl said. I know you can. Look how wide the path is.
  I dont want to look. The world seemed to be spinning around her, mountain and sky and mules, whirling like a childs top. Catelyn closed her eyes to steady her ragged breathing.
  Ill come back for you, Mya said. Dont move, my lady.
  Moving was about the last thing Catelyn was about to do. She listened to the skirling of the wind and the scuffling sound of leather on stone. Then Mya was there, taking her gently by the arm. Keep your eyes closed if you like. Let go of the rope now, Whitey will take care of himself. Very good, my lady. Ill lead you over, its easy, youll see. Give me a step now. Thats it, move your foot, just slide it forward. See. Now another. Easy. You could run across. Another one, go on. Yes. And so, foot by foot, step by step, the bastard girl led Catelyn across, blind and trembling, while the white mule followed placidly behind them.
  The waycastle called Sky was no more than a high, crescent-shaped wall of unmortared stone raised against the side of the mountain, but even the topless towers of Valyria could not have looked more beautiful to Catelyn Stark. Here at last the snow crown began; Skys weathered stones were rimed with frost, and long spears of ice hung from the slopes above.
  Dawn was breaking in the east as Mya Stone hallooed for the guards, and the gates opened before them. Inside the walls there was only a series of ramps and a great tumble of boulders and stones of all sizes. No doubt it would be the easiest thing in the world to begin an avalanche from here. A mouth yawned in the rock face in front of them. The stables and barracks are in there, Mya said. The last part is inside the mountain. It can be a little dark, but at least youre out of the wind. This is as far as the mules can go. Past here, well, its a sort of chimney, more like a stone ladder than proper steps, but its not too bad. Another hour and well be there.
  Catelyn looked up. Directly overhead, pale in the dawn light, she could see the foundations of the Eyrie. It could not be more than six hundred feet above them. From below it looked like a small white honeycomb. She remembered what her uncle had said of baskets and winches. The Lannisters may have their pride, she told Mya, but the Tullys are born with better sense. I have ridden all day and the best part of a night. Tell them to lower a basket. I shall ride with the turnips.
  The sun was well above the mountains by the time Catelyn Stark finally reached the Eyrie. A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate helped her from the basket; Ser Vardis Egen, captain of Jon Arryns household guard. Beside him stood Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck. Lady Stark, Ser Vardis said, the pleasure is as great as it is unanticipated. Maester Colemon bobbed his head in agreement. Indeed it is, my lady, indeed it is. I have sent word to your sister. She left orders to be awakened the instant you arrived.
  I hope she had a good nights rest, Catelyn said with a certain bite in her tone that seemed to go unnoticed.
  The men escorted her from the winch room up a spiral stair. The Eyrie was a small castle by the standards of the great houses; seven slender white towers bunched as tightly as arrows in a quiver on a shoulder of the great mountain. It had no need of stables nor smithys nor kennels, but Ned said its granary was as large as Winterfells, and its towers could house five hundred men. Yet it seemed strangely deserted to Catelyn as she passed through it, its pale stone halls echoing and empty.
  Lysa was waiting alone in her solar, still clad in her bed robes. Her long auburn hair tumbled unbound across bare white shoulders and down her back. A maid stood behind her, brushing out the nights tangles, but when Catelyn entered, her sister rose to her feet, smiling. Cat, she said. Oh, Cat, how good it is to see you. My sweet sister. She ran across the chamber and wrapped her sister in her arms. How long it has been, Lysa murmured against her. Oh, how very very long.
  It had been five years, in truth; five cruel years, for Lysa. They had taken their toll. Her sister was two years the younger, yet she looked older now. Shorter than Catelyn, Lysa had grown thick of body, pale and puffy of face. She had the blue eyes of the Tullys, but hers were pale and watery, never still. Her small mouth had turned petulant. As Catelyn held her, she remembered the slender, high-breasted girl whod waited beside her that day in the sept at Riverrun. How lovely and full of hope she had been. All that remained of her sisters beauty was the great fall of thick auburn hair that cascaded to her waist.
  You look well, Catelyn lied, but tired.
  Her sister broke the embrace. Tired. Yes. Oh, yes. She seemed to notice the others then; her maid, Maester Colemon, Ser Vardis. Leave us, she told them. I wish to speak to my sister alone. She held Catelyns hand as they withdrew
   and dropped it the instant the door closed. Catelyn saw her face change. It was as if the sun had gone behind a cloud. Have you taken leave of your senses? Lysa snapped at her. To bring him here, without a word of permission, without so much as a warning, to drag us into your quarrels with the Lannisters
  My quarrels? Catelyn could scarce believe what she was hearing. A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysas voice. They were your quarrels first, sister. It was you who sent me that cursed letter, you who wrote that the Lannisters had murdered your husband.
  To warn you, so you could stay away from them! I never meant to fight them! Gods, Cat, do you know what youve done?
  Mother? a small voice said. Lysa whirled, her heavy robe swirling around her. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, stood in the doorway, clutching a ragged cloth doll and looking at them with large eyes. He was a painfully thin child, small for his age and sickly all his days, and from time to time he trembled. The shaking sickness, the maesters called it. I heard voices.
  Small wonder, Catelyn thought; Lysa had almost been shouting. Still, her sister looked daggers at her. This is your aunt Catelyn, baby. My sister, Lady Stark. Do you remember?
  The boy glanced at her blankly. I think so, he said, blinking, though he had been less than a year old the last time Catelyn had seen him.
  Lysa seated herself near the fire and said, Come to Mother, my sweet one. She straightened his bedclothes and fussed with his fine brown hair. Isnt he beautiful? And strong too, dont you believe the things you hear. Jon knew. The seed is strong, he told me. His last words. He kept saying Roberts name, and he grabbed my arm so hard he left marks. Tell them, the seed is strong. His seed. He wanted everyone to know what a good strong boy my baby was going to be.
  Lysa, Catelyn said, if youre right about the Lannisters, all the more reason we must act quickly. We
  Not in front of the baby, Lysa said. He has a delicate temper, dont you, sweet one?
  The boy is Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, Catelyn reminded her, and these are no times for delicacy. Ned thinks it may come to war.
  Quiet! Lysa snapped at her. Youre scaring the boy. Little Robert took a quick peek over his shoulder at Catelyn and began to tremble. His doll fell to the rushes, and he pressed himself against his mother. Dont be afraid, my sweet baby, Lysa whispered. Mothers here, nothing will hurt you. She opened her robe and drew out a pale, heavy breast, tipped with red. The boy grabbed for it eagerly, buried his face against her chest, and began to suck. Lysa stroked his hair.
  Catelyn was at a loss for words. Jon Arryns son, she thought incredulously. She remembered her own baby, three-year-old Rickon, half the age of this boy and five times as fierce. Small wonder the lords of the Vale were restive. For the first time she understood why the king had tried to take the child away from his mother to foster with the Lannisters
  Were safe here, Lysa was saying. Whether to her or to the boy, Catelyn was not sure.
  Dont be a fool, Catelyn said, the anger rising in her. No one is safe. If you think hiding here will make the Lannisters forget you, you are sadly mistaken.
  Lysa covered her boys ear with her hand. Even if they could bring an army through the mountains and past the Bloody Gate, the Eyrie is impregnable. You saw for yourself. No enemy could ever reach us up here.
  Catelyn wanted to slap her.     Uncle Brynden had tried to warn her, she realized. No castle is impregnable.
  This one is, Lysa insisted. Everyone says so. The only thing is, what am I to do with this Imp you have brought me?
  Is he a bad man? the Lord of the Eyrie asked, his mothers breast popping from his mouth, the nipple wet and red.
  A very bad man, Lysa told him as she covered herself, but Mother wont let him harm my little baby.
  Make him fly, Robert said eagerly.
  Lysa stroked her sons hair. Perhaps we will, she murmured. Perhaps that is just what we will do.
 Eddard
  He found Littlefinger in the brothels common room, chatting amiably with a tall, elegant woman who wore a feathered gown over skin as black as ink. By the hearth, Heward and a buxom wench were playing at forfeits. From the look of it, hed lost his belt, his cloak, his mail shirt, and his right boot so far, while the girl had been forced to unbutton her shift to the waist. Jory Cassel stood beside a rain-streaked window with a wry smile on his face, watching Heward turn over tiles and enjoying the view.
  Ned paused at the foot of the stair and pulled on his gloves. Its time we took our leave. My business here is done.
  Heward lurched to his feet, hurriedly gathering up his things. As you will, my lord, Jory said. Ill help Wyl bring round the horses. He strode to the door.
  Littlefinger took his time saying his farewells. He kissed the black womans hand, whispered some joke that made her laugh aloud, and sauntered over to Ned. Your business, he said lightly, or Roberts? They say the Hand dreams the kings dreams, speaks with the kings voice, and rules with the kings sword. Does that also mean you fuck with the kings
  Lord Baelish, Ned interrupted, you presume too much. I am not ungrateful for your help. It might have taken us years to find this brothel without you. That does not mean I intend to endure your mockery. And I am no longer the Kings Hand.
  The direwolf must be a prickly beast, said Littlefinger with a sharp twist of his mouth.
  A warm rain was pelting down from a starless black sky as they walked to the stables. Ned drew up the hood of his cloak. Jory brought out his horse. Young Wyl came right behind him, leading Littlefingers mare with one hand while the other fumbled with his belt and the lacings of his trousers. A barefoot whore leaned out of the stable door, giggling at him.
  Will we be going back to the castle now, my lord? Jory asked. Ned nodded and swung into the saddle. Littlefinger mounted up beside him. Jory and the others followed.
  Chataya runs a choice establishment, Littlefinger said as they rode. Ive half a mind to buy it. Brothels are a much sounder investment than ships, Ive found. Whores seldom sink, and when they are boarded by pirates, why, the pirates pay good coin like everyone else. Lord Petyr chuckled at his own wit.
  Ned let him prattle on. After a time, he quieted and they rode in silence. The streets of Kings Landing were dark and deserted. The rain had driven everyone under their roofs. It beat down on Neds head, warm as blood and relentless as old guilts. Fat drops of water ran down his face.
  Robert will never keep to one bed, Lyanna had told him at Winterfell, on the night long ago when their father had promised her hand to the young Lord of Storms End. I hear he has gotten a child on some girl in the Vale. Ned had held the babe in his arms; he could scarcely deny her, nor would he lie to his sister, but he had assured her that what Robert did before their betrothal was of no matter, that he was a good man and true who would love her with all his heart. Lyanna had only smiled. Love is sweet, dearest Ned, but it cannot change a mans nature.
  The girl had been so young Ned had not dared to ask her age. No doubt shed been a virgin; the better brothels could always find a virgin, if the purse was fat enough. She had light red hair and a powdering of freckles across the bridge of her nose, and when she slipped free a breast to give her nipple to the babe, he saw that her bosom was freckled as well. I named her Barra, she said as the child nursed. She looks so like him, does she not, milord? She has his nose, and his hair
  She does. Eddard Stark had touched the babys fine, dark hair. It flowed through his fingers like black silk. Roberts firstborn had had the same fine hair, he seemed to recall.
  Tell him that when you see him, milord, as it as it please you. Tell him how beautiful she is.
  I will, Ned had promised her. That was his curse. Robert would swear undying love and forget them before evenfall, but Ned Stark kept his vows. He thought of the promises hed made Lyanna as she lay dying, and the price hed paid to keep them.
  And tell him Ive not been with no one else. I swear it, milord, by the old gods and new. Chataya said I could have half a year, for the baby, and for hoping hed come back. So youll tell him Im waiting, wont you? I dont want no jewels or nothing, just him. He was always good to me, truly.
  Good to you, Ned thought hollowly. I will tell him, child, and I promise you, Barra shall not go wanting.
  She had smiled then, a smile so tremulous and sweet that it cut the heart out of him. Riding through the rainy night, Ned saw Jon Snows face in front of him, so like a younger version of his own. If the gods frowned so on bastards, he thought dully, why did they fill men with such lusts? Lord Baelish, what do you know of Roberts bastards?
  Well, he has more than you, for a start.
  How many?
  Littlefinger shrugged. Rivulets of moisture twisted down the back of his cloak. Does it matter? If you bed enough women, some will give you presents, and His Grace has never been shy on that count. I know hes acknowledged that boy at Storms End, the one he fathered the night Lord Stannis wed. He could hardly do otherwise. The mother was a Florent, niece to the Lady Selyse, one of her bedmaids. Renly says that Robert carried the girl upstairs during the feast, and broke in the wedding bed while Stannis and his bride were still dancing. Lord Stannis seemed to think that was a blot on the honor of his wifes House, so when the boy was born, he shipped him off to Renly. He gave Ned a sideways glance. Ive also heard whispers that Robert got a pair of twins on a serving wench at Casterly Rock, three years ago when he went west for Lord Tywins tourney. Cersei had the babes killed, and sold the mother to a passing slaver. Too much an affront to Lannister pride, that close to home.
  Ned Stark grimaced. Ugly tales like that were told of every great lord in the realm. He could believe it of Cersei Lannister readily enough but would the king stand by and let it happen? The Robert he had known would not have, but the Robert he had known had never been so practiced at shutting his eyes to things he did not wish to see. Why would Jon Arryn take a sudden interest in the kings baseborn children?
  The short man gave a sodden shrug. He was the Kings Hand. Doubtless Robert asked him to see that they were provided for.
  Ned was soaked through to the bone, and his soul had grown cold. It had to be more than that, or why kill him?
  Littlefinger shook the rain from his hair and laughed. Now I see. Lord Arryn learned that His Grace had filled the bellies of some whores and fishwives, and for that he had to be silenced. Small wonder. Allow a man like that to live, and next hes like to blurt out that the sun rises in the east.
  There was no answer Ned Stark could give to that but a frown. For the first time in years, he found himself remembering Rhaegar Targaryen. He wondered if Rhaegar had frequented brothels; somehow he thought not.
  The rain was falling harder now, stinging the eyes and drumming against the ground. Rivers of black water were running down the hill when Jory called out, My lord, his voice hoarse with alarm. And in an instant, the street was full of soldiers.
  Ned glimpsed ringmail over leather, gauntlets and greaves, steel helms with golden lions on the crests. Their cloaks clung to their backs, sodden with rain. He had no time to count, but there were ten at least, a line of them, on foot, blocking the street, with longswords and iron-tipped spears. Behind! he heard Wyl cry, and when he turned his horse, there were more in back of them, cutting off their retreat. Jorys sword came singing from its scabbard. Make way or die!
  The wolves are howling, their leader said. Ned could see rain running down his face. Such a small pack, though.
  Littlefinger walked his horse forward, step by careful step. What is the meaning of this? This is the Hand of the King.
  He was the Hand of the King. The mud muffled the hooves of the blood bay stallion. The line parted before him. On a golden breastplate, the lion of Lannister roared its defiance. Now, if truth be told, Im not sure what he is.
  Lannister, this is madness, Littlefinger said. Let us pass. We are expected back at the castle. What do you think youre doing?
  He knows what hes doing, Ned said calmly.
  Jaime Lannister smiled. Quite true. Im looking for my brother. You remember my brother, dont you, Lord Stark? He was with us at Winterfell. Fair-haired, mismatched eyes, sharp of tongue. A short man.
  I remember him well, Ned replied.
  It would seem he has met some trouble on the road. My lord father is quite vexed. You would not perchance have any notion of who might have wished my brother ill, would you?
  Your brother has been taken at my command, to answer for his crimes, Ned Stark said.
  Littlefinger groaned in dismay. My lords
  Ser Jaime ripped his longsword from its sheath and urged his stallion forward. Show me your steel, Lord Eddard. Ill butcher you like Aerys if I must, but Id sooner you died with a blade in your hand. He gave Littlefinger a cool, contemptuous glance. Lord Baelish, Id leave here in some haste if I did not care to get bloodstains on my costly clothing.
  Littlefinger did not need to be urged. I will bring the City Watch, he promised Ned. The Lannister line parted to let him through, and closed behind him. Littlefinger put his heels to his mare and vanished around a corner.
  Neds men had drawn their swords, but they were three against twenty. Eyes watched from nearby windows and doors, but no one was about to intervene. His party was mounted, the Lannisters on foot save for Jaime himself. A charge might win them free, but it seemed to Eddard Stark that they had a surer, safer tactic. Kill me, he warned the Kingslayer, and Catelyn will most certainly slay Tyrion.
  Jaime Lannister poked at Neds chest with the gilded sword that had sipped the blood of the last of the Dragonkings. Would she? The noble Catelyn Tully of Riverrun murder a hostage? I think not. He sighed. But I am not willing to chance my brothers life on a womans honor. Jaime slid the golden sword into its sheath. So I suppose Ill let you run back to Robert to tell him how I frightened you. I wonder if hell care. Jaime pushed his wet hair back with his fingers and wheeled his horse around. When he was beyond the line of swordsmen, he glanced back at his captain. Tregar, see that no harm comes to Lord Stark.
  As you say, mlord.
  Still we wouldnt want him to leave here entirely unchastened, sothrough the night and the rain, he glimpsed the white of Jaimes smilekill his men.
  No! Ned Stark screamed, clawing for his sword. Jaime was already cantering off down the street as he heard Wyl shout. Men closed from both sides. Ned rode one down, cutting at phantoms in red cloaks who gave way before him. Jory Cassel put his heels into his mount and charged. A steel-shod hoof caught a Lannister guardsman in the face with a sickening crunch. A second man reeled away and for an instant Jory was free. Wyl cursed as they pulled him off his dying horse, swords slashing in the rain. Ned galloped to him, bringing his longsword down on Tregars helm. The jolt of impact made him grit his teeth. Tregar stumbled to his knees, his lion crest sheared in half, blood running down his face. Heward was hacking at the hands that had seized his bridle when a spear caught him in the belly. Suddenly Jory was back among them, a red rain flying from his sword. No! Ned shouted. Jory, away! Neds horse slipped under him and came crashing down in the mud. There was a moment of blinding pain and the taste of blood in his mouth.
  He saw them cut the legs from Jorys mount and drag him to the earth, swords rising and failing as they closed in around him. When Neds horse lurched back to its feet, he tried to rise, only to fall again, choking on his scream. He could see the splintered bone poking through his calf. It was the last thing he saw for a time. The rain came down and down and down.
  When he opened his eyes again, Lord Eddard Stark was alone with his dead. His horse moved closer, caught the rank scent of blood, and galloped away. Ned began to drag himself through the mud, gritting his teeth at the agony in his leg. It seemed to take years. Faces watched from candlelit windows, and people began to emerge from alleys and doors, but no one moved to help.
  Littlefinger and the City Watch found him there in the street, cradling Jory Cassels body in his arms.
  Somewhere the gold cloaks found a litter, but the trip back to the castle was a blur of agony, and Ned lost consciousness more than once. He remembered seeing the Red Keep looming ahead of him in the first grey light of dawn. The rain had darkened the pale pink stone of the massive walls to the color of blood.
  Then Grand Maester Pycelle was looming over him, holding a cup, whispering, Drink, my lord. Here. The milk of the poppy, for your pain. He remembered swallowing, and Pycelle was telling someone to heat the wine to boiling and fetch him clean silk, and that was the last he knew.
 Daenerys
  The Horse Gate of Vaes Dothrak was made of two gigantic bronze stallions, rearing, their hooves meeting a hundred feet above the roadway to form a pointed arch.
  Dany could not have said why the city needed a gate when it had no walls and no buildings that she could see. Yet there it stood, immense and beautiful, the great horses framing the distant purple mountain beyond. The bronze stallions threw long shadows across the waving grasses as Khal Drogo led the khalasar under their hooves and down the godsway, his bloodriders beside him.
  Dany followed on her silver, escorted by Ser Jorah Mormont and her brother Viserys, mounted once more. After the day in the grass when she had left him to walk back to the khalasar, the Dothraki had laughingly called him Khal Rhae Mhar, the Sorefoot King. Khal Drogo had offered him a place in a cart the next day, and Viserys had accepted. In his stubborn ignorance, he had not even known he was being mocked; the carts were for eunuchs, cripples, women giving birth, the very young and the very old. That won him yet another name: Khal Rhaggat, the Cart King. Her brother had thought it was the khals way of apologizing for the wrong Dany had done him. She had begged Ser Jorah not to tell him the truth, lest he be shamed. The knight had replied that the king could well do with a bit of shame yet he had done as she bid. It had taken much pleading, and all the pillow tricks Doreah had taught her, before Dany had been able to make Drogo relent and allow Viserys to rejoin them at the head of the column.
  Where is the city? she asked as they passed beneath the bronze arch. There were no buildings to be seen, no people, only the grass and the road, lined with ancient monuments from all the lands the Dothraki had sacked over the centuries.
  Ahead, Ser Jorah answered. Under the mountain.
  Beyond the horse gate, plundered gods and stolen heroes loomed to either side of them. The forgotten deities of dead cities brandished their broken thunderbolts at the sky as Dany rode her silver past their feet. Stone kings looked down on her from their thrones, their faces chipped and stained, even their names lost in the mists of time. Lithe young maidens danced on marble plinths, draped only in flowers, or poured air from shattered jars. Monsters stood in the grass beside the road; black iron dragons with jewels for eyes, roaring griffins, manticores with their barbed tails poised to strike, and other beasts she could not name. Some of the statues were so lovely they took her breath away, others so misshapen and terrible that Dany could scarcely bear to look at them. Those, Ser Jorah said, had likely come from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai.
  So many, she said as her silver stepped slowly onward, and from so many lands.
  Viserys was less impressed. The trash of dead cities, he sneered. He was careful to speak in the Common Tongue, which few Dothraki could understand, yet even so Dany found herself glancing back at the men of her khas, to make certain he had not been overheard. He went on blithely. All these savages know how to do is steal the things better men have built and kill. He laughed. They do know how to kill. Otherwise Id have no use for them at all.
  They are my people now, Dany said. You should not call them savages, brother.
The dragon speaks as he likes, Viserys said in the Common Tongue. He glanced over his shoulder at Aggo and Rakharo, riding behind them, and favored them with a mocking smile. See, the savages lack the wit to understand the speech of civilized men. A moss-eaten stone monolith loomed over the road, fifty feet tall. Viserys gazed at it with boredom in his eyes. How long must we linger amidst these ruins before Drogo gives me my army? I grow tired of waiting.
  The princess must be presented to the dosh khaleen
  The crones, yes, her brother interrupted, and theres to be some mummers show of a prophecy for the whelp in her belly, you told me. What is that to me? Im tired of eating horsemeat and Im sick of the stink of these savages. He sniffed at the wide, floppy sleeve of his tunic, where it was his custom to keep a sachet. It could not have helped much. The tunic was filthy. All the silk and heavy wools that Viserys had worn out of Pentos were stained by hard travel and rotted from sweat.
  Ser Jorah Mormont said, The Western Market will have food more to your taste, Your Grace. The traders from the Free Cities come there to sell their wares. The khal will honor his promise in his own time.
  He had better, Viserys said grimly. I was promised a crown, and I mean to have it. The dragon is not mocked. Spying an obscene likeness of a woman with six breasts and a ferrets head, he rode off to inspect it more closely.
  Dany was relieved, yet no less anxious. I pray that my sun-and-stars will not keep him waiting too long, she told Ser Jorah when her brother was out of earshot.
  The knight looked after Viserys doubtfully. Your brother should have bided his time in Pentos. There is no place for him in a khalasar. Illyrio tried to warn him.
  He will go as soon as he has his ten thousand. My lord husband promised a golden crown.
  Ser Jorah grunted. Yes, Khaleesi, but the Dothraki look on these things differently than we do in the west. I have told him as much, as Illyrio told him, but your brother does not listen. The horselords are no traders. Viserys thinks he sold you, and now he wants his price. Yet Khal Drogo would say he had you as a gift. He will give Viserys a gift in return, yes in his own time. You do not demand a gift, not of a khal. You do not demand anything of a khal.
  It is not right to make him wait. Dany did not know why she was defending her brother, yet she was. Viserys says he could sweep the Seven Kingdoms with ten thousand Dothraki screamers.
  Ser Jorah snorted. Viserys could not sweep a stable with ten thousand brooms.