Ned pushed himself up higher, wincing as his leg trembled with pain. He had not expected Cersei to come. It did not bode well that she had. Send them in, and leave us. What we have to say should not go beyond these walls. Poole withdrew quietly.
  Robert had taken time to dress. He wore a black velvet doublet with the crowned stag of Baratheon worked upon the breast in golden thread, and a golden mantle with a cloak of black and gold squares. A flagon of wine was in his hand, his face already flushed from drink. Cersei Lannister entered behind him, a jeweled tiara in her hair.
  Your Grace, Ned said. Your pardons. I cannot rise.
  No matter, the king said gruffly. Some wine? From the Arbor. A good vintage.
  A small cup, Ned said. My head is still heavy from the milk of the poppy.
  A man in your place should count himself fortunate that his head is still on his shoulders, the queen declared.
  Quiet, woman, Robert snapped. He brought Ned a cup of wine. Does the leg still pain you?
  Some, Ned said. His head was swimming, but it would not do to admit to weakness in front of the queen.
  Pycelle swears it will heal clean. Robert frowned. I take it you know what Catelyn has done?
  I do. Ned took a small swallow of wine. My lady wife is blameless, Your Grace. All she did she did at my command.
  I am not pleased, Ned, Robert grumbled.
  By what right do you dare lay hands on my blood? Cersei demanded. Who do you think you are?
  The Hand of the King, Ned told her with icy courtesy. Charged by your own lord husband to keep the kings peace and enforce the kings justice.
  You were the Hand, Cersei began, but now
  Silence! the king roared. You asked him a question and he answered it. Cersei subsided, cold with anger, and Robert turned back to Ned. Keep the kings peace, you say. Is this how you keep my peace, Ned? Seven men are dead
  Eight, the queen corrected. Tregar died this morning, of the blow Lord Stark gave him.
  Abductions on the kingsroad and drunken slaughter in my streets, the king said. I will not have it, Ned.
  Catelyn had good reason for taking the Imp
  I said, I will not have it! To hell with her reasons. You will command her to release the dwarf at once, and you will make your peace with Jaime.
  Three of my men were butchered before my eyes, because Jaime Lannister wished to chasten me. Am I to forget that?
  My brother was not the cause of this quarrel, Cersei told the king. Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel. His men attacked Jaime and his guards, even as his wife attacked Tyrion on the kingsroad.
  You know me better than that, Robert, Ned said. Ask Lord Baelish if you doubt me. He was there.
  Ive talked to Littlefinger, Robert said. He claims he rode off to bring the gold cloaks before the fighting began, but he admits you were returning from some whorehouse.
  Some whorehouse? Damn your eyes, Robert, I went there to have a look at your daughter! Her mother has named her Barra. She looks like that first girl you fathered, when we were boys together in the Vale. He watched the queen as he spoke; her face was a mask, still and pale, betraying nothing.
  Robert flushed. Barra, he grumbled. Is that supposed to please me? Damn the girl. I thought she had more sense.
  She cannot be more than fifteen, and a whore, and you thought she had sense? Ned said, incredulous. His leg was beginning to pain him sorely. It was hard to keep his temper. The fool child is in love with you, Robert.
  The king glanced at Cersei. This is no fit subject for the queens ears.
  Her Grace will have no liking for anything I have to say, Ned replied. I am told the Kingslayer has fled the city. Give me leave to bring him back to justice.
  The king swirled the wine in his cup, brooding. He took a swallow. No, he said. I want no more of this. Jaime slew three of your men, and you five of his. Now it ends.
  Is that your notion of justice? Ned flared. If so, I am pleased that I am no longer your Hand.
  The queen looked to her husband. If any man had dared speak to a Targaryen as he has spoken to you
  Do you take me for Aerys? Robert interrupted.
  I took you for a king. Jaime and Tyrion are your own brothers, by all the laws of marriage and the bonds we share. The Starks have driven off the one and seized the other. This man dishonors you with every breath he takes, and yet you stand there meekly, asking if his leg pains him and would he like some wine.
  Roberts face was dark with anger. How many times must I tell you to hold your tongue, woman?
  Cerseis face was a study in contempt. What a jape the gods have made of us two, she said. By all rights, you ought to be in skirts and me in mail.
  Purple with rage, the king lashed out, a vicious backhand blow to the side of the head. She stumbled against the table and fell hard, yet Cersei Lannister did not cry out. Her slender fingers brushed her cheek, where the pale smooth skin was already reddening. On the morrow the bruise would cover half her face. I shall wear this as a badge of honor, she announced.
  Wear it in silence, or Ill honor you again, Robert vowed. He shouted for a guard. Ser Meryn Trant stepped into the room, tall and somber in his white armor. The queen is tired. See her to her bedchamber. The knight helped Cersei to her feet and led her out without a word.
  Robert reached for the flagon and refilled his cup. You see what she does to me, Ned. The king seated himself, cradling his wine cup. My loving wife. The mother of my children. The rage was gone from him now; in his eyes Ned saw something sad and scared. I should not have hit her. That was not that was not kingly. He stared down at his hands, as if he did not quite know what they were. I was always strong no one could stand before me, no one. How do you fight someone if you cant hit them? Confused, the king shook his head. Rhaegar Rhaegar won, damn him. I killed him, Ned, I drove the spike right through that black armor into his black heart, and he died at my feet. They made up songs about it. Yet somehow he still won. He has Lyanna now, and I have her. The king drained his cup.
  Your Grace, Ned Stark said, we must talk
  Robert pressed his fingertips against his temples. I am sick unto death of talk. On the morrow Im going to the kingswood to hunt. Whatever you have to say can wait until I return.
  If the gods are good, I shall not be here on your return. You commanded me to return to Winterfell, remember?
  Robert stood up, grasping one of the bedposts to steady himself. The gods are seldom good, Ned. Here, this is yours. He pulled the heavy silver hand clasp from a pocket in the lining of his cloak and tossed it on the bed. Like it or not, you are my Hand, damn you. I forbid you to leave.
  Ned picked up the silver clasp. He was being given no choice, it seemed. His leg throbbed, and he felt as helpless as a child. The Targaryen girl
  The king groaned. Seven hells, dont start with her again. Thats done, Ill hear no more of it.
  Why would you want me as your Hand, if you refuse to listen to my counsel?
  Why? Robert laughed. Why not? Someone has to rule this damnable kingdom. Put on the badge, Ned. It suits you. And if you ever throw it in my face again, I swear to you, Ill pin the damned thing on Jaime Lannister.
 Catelyn
  The eastern sky was rose and gold as the sun broke over the Vale of Arryn. Catelyn Stark watched the light spread, her hands resting on the delicate carved stone of the balustrade outside her window. Below her the world turned from black to indigo to green as dawn crept across fields and forests. Pale white mists rose off Alyssas Tears, where the ghost waters plunged over the shoulder of the mountain to begin their long tumble down the face of the Giants Lance. Catelyn could feel the faint touch of spray on her face.
  Alyssa Arryn had seen her husband, her brothers, and all her children slain, and yet in life she had never shed a tear. So in death, the gods had decreed that she would know no rest until her weeping watered the black earth of the Vale, where the men she had loved were buried. Alyssa had been dead six thousand years now, and still no drop of the torrent had ever reached the valley floor far below. Catelyn wondered how large a waterfall her own tears would make when she died. Tell me the rest of it, she said.
  The Kingslayer is massing a host at Casterly Rock, Ser Rodrik Cassel answered from the room behind her. Your brother writes that he has sent riders to the Rock, demanding that Lord Tywin proclaim his intent, but he has had no answer. Edmure has commanded Lord Vance and Lord Piper to guard the pass below the Golden Tooth. He vows to you that he will yield no foot of Tully land without first watering it with Lannister blood.
  Catelyn turned away from the sunrise. Its beauty did little to lighten her mood; it seemed cruel for a day to dawn so fair and end so foul as this one promised to. Edmure has sent riders and made vows, she said, but Edmure is not the Lord of Riverrun. What of my lord father?
  The message made no mention of Lord Hoster, my lady. Ser Rodrik tugged at his whiskers. They had grown in white as snow and bristly as a thornbush while he was recovering from his wounds; he looked almost himself again.
  My father would not have given the defense of Riverrun over to Edmure unless he was very sick, she said, worried. I should have been woken as soon as this bird arrived.
  Your lady sister thought it better to let you sleep, Maester Colemon told me.
  I should have been woken, she insisted.
  The maester tells me your sister planned to speak with you after the combat, Ser Rodrik said.
  Then she still plans to go through with this mummers farce? Catelyn grimaced. The dwarf has played her like a set of pipes, and she is too deaf to hear the tune. Whatever happens this morning, Ser Rodrik, it is past time we took our leave. My place is at Winterfell with my sons. If you are strong enough to travel, I shall ask Lysa for an escort to see us to Gulltown. We can take ship from there.
  Another ship? Ser Rodrik looked a shade green, yet he managed not to shudder. As you say, my lady.
  The old knight waited outside her door as Catelyn summoned the servants Lysa had given her. If she spoke to her sister before the duel, perhaps she could change her mind, she thought as they dressed her. Lysas policies varied with her moods, and her moods changed hourly. The shy girl she had known at Riverrun had grown into a woman who was by turns proud, fearful, cruel, dreamy, reckless, timid, stubborn, vain, and, above all, inconstant.
  When that vile turnkey of hers had come crawling to tell them that Tyrion Lannister wished to confess, Catelyn had urged Lysa to have the dwarf brought to them privately, but no, nothing would do but that her sister must make a show of him before half the Vale. And now this
  Lannister is my prisoner, she told Ser Rodrik as they descended the tower stairs and made their way through the Eyries cold white halls. Catelyn wore plain grey wool with a silvered belt. My sister must be reminded of that.
  At the doors to Lysas apartments, they met her uncle storming out. Going to join the fools festival? Ser Brynden snapped. Id tell you to slap some sense into your sister, if I thought it would do any good, but youd only bruise your hand.
  There was a bird from Riverrun, Catelyn began, a letter from Edmure
  I know, child. The black fish that fastened his cloak was Bryndens only concession to ornament. I had to hear it from Maester Colemon. I asked your sister for leave to take a thousand seasoned men and ride for Riverrun with all haste. Do you know what she told me? The Vale cannot spare a thousand swords, nor even one, Uncle, she said. You are the Knight of the Gate. Your place is here. A gust of childish laughter drifted through the open doors behind him, and her uncle glanced darkly over his shoulder. Well, I told her she could bloody well find herself a new Knight of the Gate. Black fish or no, I am still a Tully. I shall leave for Riverrun by evenfall.
  Catelyn could not pretend to surprise. Alone? You know as well as I that you will never survive the high road. Ser Rodrik and I are returning to Winterfell. Come with us, Uncle. I will give you your thousand men. Riverrun will not fight alone.
  Brynden thought a moment, then nodded a brusque agreement. As you say. Its the long way home, but Im more like to get there. Ill wait for you below. He went striding off, his cloak swirling behind him.
  Catelyn exchanged a look with Ser Rodrik. They went through the doors to the high, nervous sound of a childs giggles.
  Lysas apartments opened over a small garden, a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers. The builders had intended it as a godswood, but the Eyrie rested on the hard stone of the mountain, and no matter how much soil was hauled up from the Vale, they could not get a weirwood to take root here. So the Lords of the Eyrie planted grass and scattered statuary amidst low, flowering shrubs. It was there the two champions would meet to place their lives, and that of Tyrion Lannister, into the hands of the gods.
  Lysa, freshly scrubbed and garbed in cream velvet with a rope of sapphires and moonstones around her milk-white neck, was holding court on the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat, surrounded by her knights, retainers, and lords high and low. Most of them still hoped to wed her, bed her, and rule the Vale of Arryn by her side. From what Catelyn had seen during her stay at the Eyrie, it was a vain hope.
  A wooden platform had been built to elevate Roberts chair; there the Lord of the Eyrie sat, giggling and clapping his hands as a humpbacked puppeteer in blue-and-white motley made two wooden knights hack and slash at each other. Pitchers of thick cream and baskets of blackberries had been set out, and the guests were sipping a sweet orange-scented wine from engraved silver cups. A fools festival, Brynden had called it, and small wonder.
  Across the terrace, Lysa laughed gaily at some jest of Lord Hunters, and nibbled a blackberry from the point of Ser Lyn Corbrays dagger. They were the suitors who stood highest in Lysas favor today, at least. Catelyn would have been hard-pressed to say which man was more unsuitable. Eon Hunter was even older than Jon Arryn had been, half-crippled by gout, and cursed with three quarrelsome sons, each more grasping than the last. Ser Lyn was a different sort of folly; lean and handsome, heir to an ancient but impoverished house, but vain, reckless, hot-tempered and, it was whispered, notoriously uninterested in the intimate charms of women.
  When Lysa espied Catelyn, she welcomed her with a sisterly embrace and a moist kiss on the cheek. Isnt it a lovely morning? The gods are smiling on us. Do try a cup of the wine, sweet sister. Lord Hunter was kind enough to send for it, from his own cellars.
  Thank you, no. Lysa, we must talk.
  After, her sister promised, already beginning to turn away from her.
  Now. Catelyn spoke more loudly than shed intended. Men were turning to look. Lysa, you cannot mean to go ahead with this folly. Alive, the Imp has value. Dead, he is only food for crows. And if his champion should prevail here
  Small chance of that, my lady, Lord Hunter assured her, patting her shoulder with a liver-spotted hand. Ser Vardis is a doughty fighter. He will make short work of the sellsword.
  Will he, my lord? Catelyn said coolly. I wonder. She had seen Bronn fight on the high road; it was no accident that he had survived the journey while other men had died. He moved like a panther, and that ugly sword of his seemed a part of his arm.
  Lysas suitors were gathering around them like bees round a blossom. Women understand little of these things, Ser Morton Waynwood said. Ser Vardis is a knight, sweet lady. This other fellow, well, his sort are all cowards at heart. Useful enough in a battle, with thousands of their fellows around them, but stand them up alone and the manhood leaks right out of them.
  Say you have the truth of it, then, Catelyn said with a courtesy that made her mouth ache. What will we gain by the dwarfs death? Do you imagine that Jaime will care a fig that we gave his brother a trial before we flung him off a mountain?
  Behead the man, Ser Lyn Corbray suggested. When the Kingslayer receives the Imps head, it will be a warning to him,
  Lysa gave an impatient shake of her waist-long auburn hair. Lord Robert wants to see him fly, she said, as if that settled the matter. And the Imp has only himself to blame. It was he who demanded a trial by combat.
  Lady Lysa had no honorable way to deny him, even if shed wished to, Lord Hunter intoned ponderously.
  Ignoring them all, Catelyn turned all her force on her sister. I remind you, Tyrion Lannister is my prisoner.
  And I remind you, the dwarf murdered my lord husband! Her voice rose. He poisoned the Hand of the King and left my sweet baby fatherless, and now I mean to see him pay! Whirling, her skirts swinging around her, Lysa stalked across the terrace. Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors excused themselves with cool nods and trailed after her.
  Do you think he did? Ser Rodrik asked her quietly when they were alone again. Murder Lord Jon, that is? The Imp still denies it, and most fiercely
  I believe the Lannisters murdered Lord Arryn, Catelyn replied, but whether it was Tyrion, or Ser Jaime, or the queen, or all of them together, I could not begin to say. Lysa had named Cersei in the letter she had sent to Winterfell, but now she seemed certain that Tyrion was the killer perhaps because the dwarf was here, while the queen was safe behind the walls of the Red Keep, hundreds of leagues to the south. Catelyn almost wished she had burned her sisters letter before reading it.
  Ser Rodrik tugged at his whiskers. Poison, well that could be the dwarfs work, true enough. Or Cerseis. Its said poison is a womans weapon, begging your pardons, my lady. The Kingslayer, now I have no great liking for the man, but hes not the sort. Too fond of the sight of blood on that golden sword of his. Was it poison, my lady?
  Catelyn frowned, vaguely uneasy. How else could they make it look a natural death? Behind her, Lord Robert shrieked with delight as one of the puppet knights sliced the other in half, spilling a flood of red sawdust onto the terrace. She glanced at her nephew and sighed. The boy is utterly without discipline. He will never be strong enough to rule unless he is taken away from his mother for a time.
  His lord father agreed with you, said a voice at her elbow. She turned to behold Maester Colemon, a cup of wine in his hand. He was planning to send the boy to Dragonstone for fostering, you know oh, but Im speaking out of turn. The apple of his throat bobbed anxiously beneath the loose maesters chain. I fear Ive had too much of Lord Hunters excellent wine. The prospect of bloodshed has my nerves all a-fray
  You are mistaken, Maester, Catelyn said. It was Casterly Rock, not Dragonstone, and those arrangements were made after the Hands death, without my sisters consent.
  The maesters head jerked so vigorously at the end of his absurdly long neck that he looked half a puppet himself. No, begging your forgiveness, my lady, but it was Lord Jon who
  A bell tolled loudly below them. High lords and serving girls alike broke off what they were doing and moved to the balustrade. Below, two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks led forth Tyrion Lannister. The Eyries plump septon escorted him to the statue in the center of the garden, a weeping woman carved in veined white marble, no doubt meant to be Alyssa.
  The bad little man, Lord Robert said, giggling. Mother, can I make him fly? I want to see him fly.
  Later, my sweet baby, Lysa promised him.
  Trial first, drawled Ser Lyn Corbray, then execution.
  A moment later the two champions appeared from opposite sides of the garden. The knight was attended by two young squires, the sellsword by the Eyries master-at-arms.
  Ser Vardis Egen was steel from head to heel, encased in heavy plate armor over mail and padded surcoat. Large circular rondels, enameled cream-and-blue in the moon-and-falcon sigil of House Arryn, protected the vulnerable juncture of arm and breast. A skirt of lobstered metal covered him from waist to midthigh, while a solid gorget encircled his throat. Falcons wings sprouted from the temples of his helm, and his visor was a pointed metal beak with a narrow slit for vision.
  Bronn was so lightly armored he looked almost naked beside the knight. He wore only a shirt of black oiled ringmail over boiled leather, a round steel halfhelm with a noseguard, and a mail coif. High leather boots with steel shinguards gave some protection to his legs, and discs of black iron were sewn into the fingers of his gloves. Yet Catelyn noted that the sellsword stood half a hand taller than his foe, with a longer reach and Bronn was fifteen years younger, if she was any judge.
  They knelt in the grass beneath the weeping woman, facing each other, with Lannister between them. The septon removed a faceted crystal sphere from the soft cloth bag at his waist. He lifted it high above his head, and the light shattered. Rainbows danced across the Imps face. In a high, solemn, singsong voice, the septon asked the gods to look down and bear witness, to find the truth in this mans soul, to grant him life and freedom if he was innocent, death if he was guilty. His voice echoed off the surrounding towers.
  When the last echo had died away, the septon lowered his crystal and made a hasty departure. Tyrion leaned over and whispered something in Bronns ear before the guardsmen led him away. The sellsword rose laughing and brushed a blade of grass from his knee.
  Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, was fidgeting impatiently in his elevated chair. When are they going to fight? he asked plaintively.
  Ser Vardis was helped back to his feet by one of his squires. The other brought him a triangular shield almost four feet tall, heavy oak dotted with iron studs. They strapped it to his left forearm. When Lysas master-at-arms offered Bronn a similar shield, the sellsword spat and waved it away. Three days growth of coarse black beard covered his jaw and cheeks, but if he did not shave it was not for want of a razor; the edge of his sword had the dangerous glimmer of steel that had been honed every day for hours, until it was too sharp to touch.
  Ser Vardis held out a gauntleted hand, and his squire placed a handsome double-edged longsword in his grasp. The blade was engraved with a delicate silver tracery of a mountain sky; its pommel was a falcons head, its crossguard fashioned into the shape of wings. I had that sword crafted for Jon in Kings Landing, Lysa told her guests proudly as they watched Ser Vardis try a practice cut. He wore it whenever he sat the Iron Throne in King Roberts place. Isnt it a lovely thing? I thought it only fitting that our champion avenge Jon with his own blade.
  The engraved silver blade was beautiful beyond a doubt, but it seemed to Catelyn that Ser Vardis might have been more comfortable with his own sword. Yet she said nothing; she was weary of futile arguments with her sister.
  Make them fight! Lord Robert called out.
  Ser Vardis faced the Lord of the Eyrie and lifted his sword in salute. For the Eyrie and the Vale!
  Tyrion Lannister had been seated on a balcony across the garden, flanked by his guards. It was to him that Bronn turned with a cursory salute.
  They await your command, Lady Lysa said to her lord son.
  Fight! the boy screamed, his arms trembling as they clutched at his chair.
  Ser Vardis swiveled, bringing up his heavy shield. Bronn turned to face him. Their swords rang together, once, twice, a testing. The sellsword backed off a step. The knight came after, holding his shield before him. He tried a slash, but Bronn jerked back, just out of reach, and the silver blade cut only air. Bronn circled to his right. Ser Vardis turned to follow, keeping his shield between them. The knight pressed forward, placing each foot carefully on the uneven ground. The sellsword gave way, a faint smile playing over his lips. Ser Vardis attacked, slashing, but Bronn leapt away from him, hopping lightly over a low, moss-covered stone. Now the sellsword circled left, away from the shield, toward the knights unprotected side. Ser Vardis tried a hack at his legs, but he did not have the reach. Bronn danced farther to his left. Ser Vardis turned in place.
  The man is craven, Lord Hunter declared. Stand and fight, coward! Other voices echoed the sentiment.
  Catelyn looked to Ser Rodrik. Her master-at-arms gave a curt shake of his head. He wants to make Ser Vardis chase him. The weight of armor and shield will tire even the strongest man.
  She had seen men practice at their swordplay near every day of her life, had viewed half a hundred tourneys in her time, but this was something different and deadlier: a dance where the smallest misstep meant death. And as she watched, the memory of another duel in another time came back to Catelyn Stark, as vivid as if it had been yesterday.
  They met in the lower bailey of Riverrun. When Brandon saw that Petyr wore only helm and breastplate and mail, he took off most of his armor. Petyr had begged her for a favor he might wear, but she had turned him away. Her lord father promised her to Brandon Stark, and so it was to him that she gave her token, a pale blue handscarf she had embroidered with the leaping trout of Riverrun. As she pressed it into his hand, she pleaded with him. He is only a foolish boy, but I have loved him like a brother. It would grieve me to see him die. And her betrothed looked at her with the cool grey eyes of a Stark and promised to spare the boy who loved her.
  That fight was over almost as soon as it began. Brandon was a man grown, and he drove Littlefinger all the way across the bailey and down the water stair, raining steel on him with every step, until the boy was staggering and bleeding from a dozen wounds. Yield! he called, more than once, but Petyr would only shake his head and fight on, grimly. When the river was lapping at their ankles, Brandon finally ended it, with a brutal backhand cut that bit through Petyrs rings and leather into the soft flesh below the ribs, so deep that Catelyn was certain that the wound was mortal. He looked at her as he fell and murmured Cat as the bright blood came flowing out between his mailed fingers. She thought she had forgotten that.
  That was the last time she had seen his face until the day she was brought before him in Kings Landing.
  A fortnight passed before Littlefinger was strong enough to leave Riverrun, but her lord father forbade her to visit him in the tower where he lay abed. Lysa helped their maester nurse him; she had been softer and shyer in those days. Edmure had called on him as well, but Petyr had sent him away. Her brother had acted as Brandons squire at the duel, and Littlefinger would not forgive that. As soon as he was strong enough to be moved, Lord Hoster Tully sent Petyr Baelish away in a closed litter, to finish his healing on the Fingers, upon the windswept jut of rock where hed been born.
  The ringing clash of steel on steel jarred Catelyn back to the present. Ser Vardis was coming hard at Bronn, driving into him with shield and sword. The sellsword scrambled backward, checking each blow, stepping lithely over rock and root, his eyes never leaving his foe. He was quicker, Catelyn saw; the knights silvered sword never came near to touching him, but his own ugly grey blade hacked a notch from Ser Vardiss shoulder plate.
  The brief flurry of fighting ended as swiftly as it had begun when Bronn sidestepped and slid behind the statue of the weeping woman. Ser Vardis lunged at where he had been, striking a spark off the pale marble of Alyssas thigh.
  Theyre not fighting good, Mother, the Lord of the Eyrie complained. I want them to fight.
  They will, sweet baby, his mother soothed him. The sellsword cant run all day.
  Some of the lords on Lysas terrace were making wry jests as they refilled their wine cups, but across the garden, Tyrion Lannisters mismatched eyes watched the champions dance as if there were nothing else in the world.