King Robert did not seem to miss her. He bid his brother Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle to stand in witness as he pressed his seal into the hot yellow wax that Ned had dripped upon his letter. Now give me something for the pain and let me die.
  Hurriedly Grand Maester Pycelle mixed him another draught of the milk of the poppy. This time the king drank deeply. His black beard was beaded with thick white droplets when he threw the empty cup aside. Will I dream?
  Ned gave him his answer. You will, my lord.
  Good, he said, smiling. I will give Lyanna your love, Ned. Take care of my children for me.
  The words twisted in Neds belly like a knife. For a moment he was at a loss. He could not bring himself to lie. Then he remembered the bastards: little Barra at her mothers breast, Mya in the Vale, Gendry at his forge, and all the others. I shall guard your children as if they were my own, he said slowly.
  Robert nodded and closed his eyes. Ned watched his old friend sag softly into the pillows as the milk of the poppy washed the pain from his face. Sleep took him.
  Heavy chains jangled softly as Grand Maester Pycelle came up to Ned. I will do all in my power, my lord, but the wound has mortified. It took them two days to get him back. By the time I saw him, it was too late. I can lessen His Graces suffering, but only the gods can heal him now.
  How long? Ned asked.
  By rights, he should be dead already. I have never seen a man cling to life so fiercely.
  My brother was always strong, Lord Renly said. Not wise, perhaps, but strong. In the sweltering heat of the bedchamber, his brow was slick with sweat. He might have been Roberts ghost as he stood there, young and dark and handsome. He slew the boar. His entrails were sliding from his belly, yet somehow he slew the boar. His voice was full of wonder.
  Robert was never a man to leave the battleground so long as a foe remained standing, Ned told him.
  Outside the door, Ser Barristan Selmy still guarded the tower stairs. Maester Pycelle has given Robert the milk of the poppy, Ned told him. See that no one disturbs his rest without leave from me.
  It shall be as you command, my lord. Ser Barristan seemed old beyond his years. I have failed my sacred trust.
  Even the truest knight cannot protect a king against himself, Ned said. Robert loved to hunt boar. I have seen him take a thousand of them. He would stand his ground without flinching, his legs braced, the great spear in his hands, and as often as not he would curse the boar as it charged, and wait until the last possible second, until it was almost on him, before he killed it with a single sure and savage thrust. No one could know this one would be his death.
  You are kind to say so, Lord Eddard.
  The king himself said as much. He blamed the wine.
  The white-haired knight gave a weary nod. His Grace was reeling in his saddle by the time we flushed the boar from his lair, yet he commanded us all to stand aside.
  I wonder, Ser Barristan, asked Varys, so quietly, who gave the king this wine?
  Ned had not heard the eunuch approach, but when he looked around, there he stood. He wore a black velvet robe that brushed the floor, and his face was freshly powdered.
  The wine was from the kings own skin, Ser Barristan said.
  Only one skin? Hunting is such thirsty work.
  I did not keep count. More than one, for a certainty. His squire would fetch him a fresh skin whenever he required it.
  Such a dutiful boy, said Varys, to make certain His Grace did not lack for refreshment.
  Ned had a bitter taste in his mouth. He recalled the two fair-haired boys Robert had sent chasing after a breastplate stretcher. The king had told everyone the tale that night at the feast, laughing until he shook. Which squire?
  The elder, said Ser Barristan. Lancel.
  I know the lad well, said Varys. A stalwart boy, Ser Kevan Lannisters son, nephew to Lord Tywin and cousin to the queen. I hope the dear sweet lad does not blame himself. Children are so vulnerable in the innocence of their youth, how well do I remember.
  Certainly Varys had once been young. Ned doubted that he had ever been innocent. You mention children. Robert had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen. Whatever arrangements you made, I want unmade. At once.
  Alas, said Varys. At once may be too late. I fear those birds have flown. But I shall do what I can, my lord. With your leave. He bowed and vanished down the steps, his soft-soled slippers whispering against the stone as he made his descent.
  Cayn and Tomard were helping Ned across the bridge when Lord Renly emerged from Maegors Holdfast. Lord Eddard, he called after Ned, a moment, if you would be so kind.
  Ned stopped. As you wish.
  Renly walked to his side. Send your men away. They met in the center of the bridge, the dry moat beneath them. Moonlight silvered the cruel edges of the spikes that lined its bed.
  Ned gestured. Tomard and Cayn bowed their heads and backed away respectfully. Lord Renly glanced warily at Ser Boros on the far end of the span, at Ser Preston in the doorway behind them. That letter. He leaned close. Was it the regency? Has my brother named you Protector? He did not wait for a reply. My lord, I have thirty men in my personal guard, and other friends beside, knights and lords. Give me an hour, and I can put a hundred swords in your hand.
  And what should I do with a hundred swords, my lord?
  Strike! Now, while the castle sleeps. Renly looked back at Ser Boros again and dropped his voice to an urgent whisper. We must get Joffrey away from his mother and take him in hand. Protector or no, the man who holds the king holds the kingdom. We should seize Myrcella and Tommen as well. Once we have her children, Cersei will not dare oppose us. The council will confirm you as Lord Protector and make Joffrey your ward.
  Ned regarded him coldly. Robert is not dead yet. The gods may spare him. If not, I shall convene the council to hear his final words and consider the matter of the succession, but I will not dishonor his last hours on earth by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds.
  Lord Renly took a step back, taut as a bowstring. Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare. By the time Robert dies, it may be too late for both of us.
  Then we should pray that Robert does not die.
  Small chance of that, said Renly.
  Sometimes the gods are merciful.
  The Lannisters are not. Lord Renly turned away and went back across the moat, to the tower where his brother lay dying.
  By the time Ned returned to his chambers, he felt weary and heartsick, yet there was no question of his going back to sleep, not now. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die, Cersei Lannister had told him in the godswood. He found himself wondering if he had done the right thing by refusing Lord Renlys offer. He had no taste for these intrigues, and there was no honor in threatening children, and yet if Cersei elected to fight rather than flee, he might well have need of Renlys hundred swords, and more besides.
  I want Littlefinger, he told Cayn. If hes not in his chambers, take as many men as you need and search every winesink and whorehouse in Kings Landing until you find him. Bring him to me before break of day. Cayn bowed and took his leave, and Ned turned to Tomard. The Wind Witch sails on the evening tide. Have you chosen the escort?
  Ten men, with Porther in command.
  Twenty, and you will command, Ned said. Porther was a brave man, but headstrong. He wanted someone more solid and sensible to keep watch over his daughters.
  As you wish, mlord, Tom said. Cant say Ill be sad to see the back of this place. I miss the wife.
  You will pass near Dragonstone when you turn north. I need you to deliver a letter for me.
  Tom looked apprehensive. To Dragonstone, mlord? The island fortress of House Targaryen had a sinister repute.
  Tell Captain Qos to hoist my banner as soon as he comes in sight of the island. They may be wary of unexpected visitors. If he is reluctant, offer him whatever it takes. I will give you a letter to place into the hand of Lord Stannis Baratheon. No one else. Not his steward, nor the captain of his guard, nor his lady wife, but only Lord Stannis himself.
  As you command, mlord.
  When Tomard had left him, Lord Eddard Stark sat staring at the flame of the candle that burned beside him on the table. For a moment his grief overwhelmed him. He wanted nothing so much as to seek out the godswood, to kneel before the heart tree and pray for the life of Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to him. Men would whisper afterward that Eddard Stark had betrayed his kings friendship and disinherited his sons; he could only hope that the gods would know better, and that Robert would learn the truth of it in the land beyond the grave.
  Ned took out the kings last letter. A roll of crisp white parchment sealed with golden wax, a few short words and a smear of blood. How small the difference between victory and defeat, between life and death.
  He drew out a fresh sheet of paper and dipped his quill in the inkpot. To His Grace, Stannis of the House Baratheon, he wrote. By the time you receive this letter, your brother Robert, our King these past fifteen years, will be dead. He was savaged by a boar whilst hunting in the kingswood
  The letters seemed to writhe and twist on the paper as his hand trailed to a stop. Lord Tywin and Ser Jaime were not men to suffer disgrace meekly; they would fight rather than flee. No doubt Lord Stannis was wary, after the murder of Jon Arryn, but it was imperative that he sail for Kings Landing at once with all his power, before the Lannisters could march.
  Ned chose each word with care. When he was done, he signed the letter Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell, Hand of the King, and Protector of the Realm, blotted the paper, folded it twice, and melted the sealing wax over the candle flame.
  His regency would be a short one, he reflected as the wax softened. The new king would choose his own Hand. Ned would be free to go home. The thought of Winterfell brought a wan smile to his face. He wanted to hear Brans laughter once more, to go hawking with Robb, to watch Rickon at play. He wanted to drift off to a dreamless sleep in his own bed with his arms wrapped tight around his lady, Catelyn.
  Cayn returned as he was pressing the direwolf seal down into the soft white wax. Desmond was with him, and between them Littlefinger. Ned thanked his guards and sent them away.
  Lord Petyr was clad in a blue velvet tunic with puffed sleeves, his silvery cape patterned with mockingbirds. I suppose congratulations are in order, he said as he seated himself.
  Ned scowled. The king lies wounded and near to death.
  I know, Littlefinger said. I also know that Robert has named you Protector of the Realm.
  Neds eyes flicked to the kings letter on the table beside him, its seal unbroken. And how is it you know that, my lord?
  Varys hinted as much, Littlefinger said, and you have just confirmed it.
  Neds mouth twisted in anger. Damn Varys and his little birds. Catelyn spoke truly, the man has some black art. I do not trust him.
  Excellent. Youre learning. Littlefinger leaned forward. Yet Ill wager you did not drag me here in the black of night to discuss the eunuch.
  No, Ned admitted. I know the secret Jon Arryn was murdered to protect. Robert will leave no trueborn son behind him. Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannisters bastards, born of his incestuous union with the queen.
  Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. Shocking, he said in a tone that suggested he was not shocked at all. The girl as well? No doubt. So when the king dies
  The throne by rights passes to Lord Stannis, the elder of Roberts two brothers.
  Lord Petyr stroked his pointed beard as he considered the matter. So it would seem. Unless
  Unless, my lord? There is no seeming to this. Stannis is the heir. Nothing can change that.
  Stannis cannot take the throne without your help. If youre wise, youll make certain Joffrey succeeds.
  Ned gave him a stony stare. Have you no shred of honor?
  Oh, a shred, surely, Littlefinger replied negligently. Hear me out. Stannis is no friend of yours, nor of mine. Even his brothers can scarcely stomach him. The man is iron, hard and unyielding. Hell give us a new Hand and a new council, for a certainty. No doubt hell thank you for handing him the crown, but he wont love you for it. And his ascent will mean war. Stannis cannot rest easy on the throne until Cersei and her bastards are dead. Do you think Lord Tywin will sit idly while his daughters head is measured for a spike? Casterly Rock will rise, and not alone. Robert found it in him to pardon men who served King Aerys, so long as they did him fealty. Stannis is less forgiving. He will not have forgotten the siege of Storms End, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dare not. Every man who fought beneath the dragon banner or rose with Balon Greyjoy will have good cause to fear. Seat Stannis on the Iron Throne and I promise you, the realm will bleed.
  Now look at the other side of the coin. Joffrey is but twelve, and Robert gave you the regency, my lord. You are the Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm. The power is yours, Lord Stark. All you need do is reach out and take it. Make your peace with the Lannisters. Release the Imp. Wed Joffrey to your Sansa. Wed your younger girl to Prince Tommen, and your heir to Myrcella. It will be four years before Joffrey comes of age. By then he will look to you as a second father, and if not, well four years is a good long while, my lord. Long enough to dispose of Lord Stannis. Then, should Joffrey prove troublesome, we can reveal his little secret and put Lord Renly on the throne.
  We? Ned repeated.
  Littlefinger gave a shrug. Youll need someone to share your burdens. I assure you, my price would be modest.
  Your price. Neds voice was ice. Lord Baelish, what you suggest is treason.
  Only if we lose.
  You forget, Ned told him. You forget Jon Arryn. You forget Jory Cassel. And you forget this. He drew the dagger and laid it on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death. They sent a man to cut my sons throat, Lord Baelish.
  Littlefinger sighed. I fear I did forget, my lord. Pray forgive me. For a moment I did not remember that I was talking to a Stark. His mouth quirked. So it will be Stannis, and war?
  It is not a choice. Stannis is the heir.
  Far be it from me to dispute the Lord Protector. What would you have of me, then? Not my wisdom, for a certainty.
  I shall do my best to forget your wisdom, Ned said with distaste. I called you here to ask for the help you promised Catelyn. This is a perilous hour for all of us. Robert has named me Protector, true enough, but in the eyes of the world, Joffrey is still his son and heir. The queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms who will do whatever she commands enough to overwhelm what remains of my own household guard. And for all I know, her brother Jaime may be riding for Kings Landing even as we speak, with a Lannister host at his back.
  And you without an army. Littlefinger toyed with the dagger on the table, turning it slowly with a finger. There is small love lost between Lord Renly and the Lannisters. Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins each of them has a retinue of knights and sworn swords here at court.
  Renly has thirty men in his personal guard, the rest even fewer. It is not enough, even if I could be certain that all of them will choose to give me their allegiance. I must have the gold cloaks. The City Watch is two thousand strong, sworn to defend the castle, the city, and the kings peace.
  Ah, but when the queen proclaims one king and the Hand another, whose peace do they protect? Lord Petyr flicked at the dagger with his finger, setting it spinning in place. Round and round it went, wobbling as it turned. When at last it slowed to a stop, the blade pointed at Littlefinger. Why, theres your answer, he said, smiling. They follow the man who pays them. He leaned back and looked Ned full in the face, his grey-green eyes bright with mockery. You wear your honor like a suit of armor, Stark. You think it keeps you safe, but all it does is weigh you down and make it hard for you to move. Look at you now. You know why you summoned me here. You know what you want to ask me to do. You know it has to be done but its not honorable, so the words stick in your throat.
  Neds neck was rigid with tension. For a moment he was so angry that he did not trust himself to speak.
  Littlefinger laughed. I ought to make you say it, but that would be cruel so have no fear, my good lord. For the sake of the love I bear for Catelyn, I will go to Janos Slynt this very hour and make certain that the City Watch is yours. Six thousand gold pieces should do it. A third for the Commander, a third for the officers, a third for the men. We might be able to buy them for half that much, but I prefer not to take chances. Smiling, he plucked up the dagger and offered it to Ned, hilt first.
 Jon
  Jon was breaking his fast on applecakes and blood sausage when Samwell Tarly plopped himself down on the bench. Ive been summoned to the sept, Sam said in an excited whisper. Theyre passing me out of training. Im to be made a brother with the rest of you. Can you believe it?
  No, truly?
  Truly. Im to assist Maester Aemon with the library and the birds. He needs someone who can read and write letters.
  Youll do well at that, Jon said, smiling.
  Sam glanced about anxiously. Is it time to go? I shouldnt be late, they might change their minds. He was fairly bouncing as they crossed the weed-strewn courtyard. The day was warm and sunny. Rivulets of water trickled down the sides of the Wall, so the ice seemed to sparkle and shine.
  Inside the sept, the great crystal caught the morning light as it streamed through the south-facing window and spread it in a rainbow on the altar. Pyps mouth dropped open when he caught sight of Sam, and Toad poked Grenn in the ribs, but no one dared say a word. Septon Celladar was swinging a censer, filling the air with fragrant incense that reminded Jon of Lady Starks little sept in Winterfell. For once the septon seemed sober.
  The high officers arrived in a body; Maester Aemon leaning on Clydas, Ser Alliser cold-eyed and grim, Lord Commander Mormont resplendent in a black wool doublet with silvered bearclaw fastenings. Behind them came the senior members of the three orders: red-faced Bowen Marsh the Lord Steward, First Builder Othell Yarwyck, and Ser Jaremy Rykker, who commanded the rangers in the absence of Benjen Stark.
  Mormont stood before the altar, the rainbow shining on his broad bald head. You came to us outlaws, he began, poachers, rapers, debtors, killers, and thieves. You came to us children. You came to us alone, in chains, with neither friends nor honor. You came to us rich, and you came to us poor. Some of you bear the names of proud houses. Others have only bastards names, or no names at all. It makes no matter. All that is past now. On the Wall, we are all one house.
  At evenfall, as the sun sets and we face the gathering night, you shall take your vows. From that moment, you will be a Sworn Brother of the Nights Watch. Your crimes will be washed away, your debts forgiven. So too you must wash away your former loyalties, put aside your grudges, forget old wrongs and old loves alike. Here you begin anew.
  A man of the Nights Watch lives his life for the realm. Not for a king, nor a lord, nor the honor of this house or that house, neither for gold nor glory nor a womans love, but for the realm, and all the people in it. A man of the Nights Watch takes no wife and fathers no sons. Our wife is duty. Our mistress is honor. And you are the only sons we shall ever know.
  You have learned the words of the vow. Think carefully before you say them, for once you have taken the black, there is no turning back. The penalty for desertion is death. The Old Bear paused for a moment before he said, Are there any among you who wish to leave our company? If so, go now, and no one shall think the less of you.
  No one moved.
  Well and good, said Mormont. You may take your vows here at evenfall, before Septon Celladar and the first of your order. Do any of you keep to the old gods?
  Jon stood. I do, my lord.
  I expect you will want to say your words before a heart tree, as your uncle did, Mormont said.
  Yes, my lord, Jon said. The gods of the sept had nothing to do with him; the blood of the First Men flowed in the veins of the Starks.
  He heard Grenn whispering behind him. Theres no godswood here. Is there? I never saw a godswood.
  You wouldnt see a herd of aurochs until they trampled you into the snow, Pyp whispered back.
  I would so, Grenn insisted. Id see them a long way off.
  Mormont himself confirmed Grenns doubts. Castle Black has no need of a godswood. Beyond the Wall the haunted forest stands as it stood in the Dawn Age, long before the Andals brought the Seven across the narrow sea. You will find a grove of weirwoods half a league from this spot, and mayhap your gods as well.
  My lord. The voice made Jon glance back in surprise. Samwell Tarly was on his feet. The fat boy wiped his sweaty palms against his tunic. Might I might I go as well? To say my words at this heart tree?
  Does House Tarly keep the old gods too? Mormont asked.
  No, my lord, Sam replied in a thin, nervous voice. The high officers frightened him, Jon knew, the Old Bear most of all. I was named in the light of the Seven at the sept on Horn Hill, as my father was, and his father, and all the Tarlys for a thousand years.
  Why would you forsake the gods of your father and your House? wondered Ser Jaremy Rykker.
  The Nights Watch is my House now, Sam said. The Seven have never answered my prayers. Perhaps the old gods will.
  As you wish, boy, Mormont said. Sam took his seat again, as did Jon. We have placed each of you in an order, as befits our need and your own strengths and skills. Bowen Marsh stepped forward and handed him a paper. The Lord Commander unrolled it and began to read. Haider, to the builders, he began. Haider gave a stiff nod of approval. Grenn, to the rangers. Albett, to the builders. Pypar, to the rangers. Pyp looked over at Jon and wiggled his ears. Samwell, to the stewards. Sam sagged with relief, mopping at his brow with,a scrap of silk. Matthar, to the rangers. Dareon, to the stewards. Todder, to the rangers. Jon, to the stewards.
  The stewards? For a moment Jon could not believe what he had heard. Mormont must have read it wrong. He started to rise, to open his mouth, to tell them there had been a mistake and then he saw Ser Alliser studying him, eyes shiny as two flakes of obsidian, and he knew.
  The Old Bear rolled up the paper. Your firsts will instruct you in your duties. May all the gods preserve you, brothers. The Lord Commander favored them with a half bow, and took his leave. Ser Alliser went with him, a thin smile on his face. Jon had never seen the master-at-arms took quite so happy.
  Rangers with me, Ser Jaremy Rykker called when they were gone. Pyp was staring at Jon as he got slowly to his feet. His ears were red. Grenn, grinning broadly, did not seem to realize that anything was amiss. Matt and Toad fell in beside them, and they followed Ser Jaremy from the sept.
  Builders, announced lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck. Haider and Albett trailed out after him.
  Jon looked around him in sick disbelief. Maester Aemons blind eyes were raised toward the light he could not see. The septon was arranging crystals on the altar. Only Sam and Darcon remained on the benches; a fat boy, a singer and him.
  Lord Steward Bowen Marsh rubbed his plump hands together. Samwell, you will assist Maester Aemon in the rookery and library. Chett is going to the kennels, to help with the hounds. You shall have his cell, so as to be close to the maester night and day. I trust you will take good care of him. He is very old and very precious to us.
  Dareon, I am told that you sang at many a high lords table and shared their meat and mead. We are sending you to Eastwatch. It may be your palate will be some help to Cotter Pyke when merchant galleys come trading. We are paying too dear for salt beef and pickled fish, and the quality of the olive oil were getting has been frightful, Present yourself to Borcas when you arrive, he will keep you busy between ships.
  Marsh turned his smile on Jon. Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for his personal steward, Jon. Youll sleep in a cell beneath his chambers, in the Lord Commanders tower.
  And what will my duties be? Jon asked sharply. Will I serve the Lord Commanders meals, help him fasten his clothes, fetch hot water for his bath?
  Certainly. Marsh frowned at Jons tone. And you will run his messages, keep a fire burning in his chambers, change his sheets and blankets daily, and do all else that the Lord Commander might require of you.
  Do you take me for a servant?
  No, Maester Aemon said, from the back of the sept. Clydas helped him stand. We took you for a man of the Nights Watch but perhaps we were wrong in that.
  It was all Jon could do to stop himself from walking out. Was he supposed to churn butter and sew doublets like a girl for the rest of his days? May I go? he asked stiffly.
  As you wish, Bowen Marsh responded.
  Dareon and Sam left with him. They descended to the yard in silence. Outside, Jon looked up at the Wall shining in the sun, the melting ice creeping down its side in a hundred thin fingers. Jons rage was such that he would have smashed it all in an instant, and the world be damned.
  Jon, Samwell Tarly said excitedly. Wait. Dont you see what theyre doing?
  Jon turned on him in a fury. I see Ser Allisers bloody hand, thats all I see. He wanted to shame me, and he has.
  Dareon gave him a look. The stewards are fine for the likes of you and me, Sam, but not for Lord Snow.
  Im a better swordsman and a better rider than any of you, Jon blazed back. Its not fair!
  Fair? Dareon sneered. The girl was waiting for me, naked as the day she was born. She pulled me through the window, and you talk to me of fair? He walked off.
  There is no shame in being a steward, Sam said.
  Do you think I want to spend the rest of my life washing an old mans smallclothes?
  The old man is Lord Commander of the Nights Watch, Sam reminded him. Youll be with him day and night. Yes, youll pour his wine and see that his bed linen is fresh, but youll also take his letters, attend him at meetings, squire for him in battle. Youll be as close to him as his shadow. Youll know everything, be a part of everything and the Lord Steward said Mormont asked for you himself!
  When I was little, my father used to insist that I attend him in the audience chamber whenever he held court. When he rode to Highgarden to bend his knee to Lord Tyrell, he made me come. Later, though, he started to take Dickon and leave me at home, and he no longer cared whether I sat through his audiences, so long as Dickon was there. He wanted his heir at his side, dont you see? To watch and listen and learn from all he did. Ill wager thats why Lord Mormont requested you, Jon. What else could it be? He wants to groom you for command!
  Jon was taken aback. It was true, Lord Eddard had often made Robb part of his councils back at Winterfell. Could Sam be right? Even a bastard could rise high in the Nights Watch, they said. I never asked for this, he said stubbornly.
  None of us are here for asking, Sam reminded him.
  And suddenly Jon Snow was ashamed.
  Craven or not, Samwell Tarly had found the courage to accept his fate like a man. On the Wall, a man gets only what he earns, Benjen Stark had said the last night Jon had seen him alive. Youre no ranger, Jon, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on you. Hed heard it said that bastards grow up faster than other children; on the Wall, you grew up or you died.
  Jon let out a deep sigh. You have the right of it. I was acting the boy.
  Then youll stay and say your words with me?
  The old gods will be expecting us. He made himself smile.
  They set out late that afternoon. The Wall had no gates as such, neither here at Castle Black nor anywhere along its three hundred miles. They led their horses down a narrow tunnel cut through the ice, cold dark walls pressing in around them as the passage twisted and turned. Three times their way was blocked by iron bars, and they had to stop while Bowen Marsh drew out his keys and unlocked the massive chains that secured them. Jon could sense the vast weight pressing down on him as he waited behind the Lord Steward. The air was colder than a tomb, and more still. He felt a strange relief when they reemerged into the afternoon light on the north side of the Wall.
  Sam blinked at the sudden glare and looked around apprehensively. The wildlings they wouldnt theyd never dare come this close to the Wall. Would they?
  They never have. Jon climbed into his saddle. When Bowen Marsh and their ranger escort had mounted, Jon put two fingers in his mouth and whistled. Ghost came loping out of the tunnel.
  The Lord Stewards garron whickered and backed away from the direwolf. Do you mean to take that beast?
  Yes, my lord, Jon said. Ghosts head lifted. He seemed to taste the air. In the blink of an eye he was off, racing across the broad, weed-choked field to vanish in the trees.
  Once they had entered the forest, they were in a different world. Jon had often 
