Ned Stark reached out his hand to grasp the flowery crown, but beneath the pale blue petals the thorns lay hidden. He felt them clawing at his skin, sharp and cruel, saw the slow trickle of blood run down his fingers, and woke, trembling, in the dark.
  Promise me, Ned, his sister had whispered from her bed of blood. She had loved the scent of winter roses.
  Gods save me, Ned wept. I am going mad.
  The gods did not deign to answer.
  Each time the turnkey brought him water, he told himself another day had passed. At first he would beg the man for some word of his daughters and the world beyond his cell. Grunts and kicks were his only replies. Later, when the stomach cramps began, he begged for food instead. It made no matter; he was not fed. Perhaps the Lannisters meant for him to starve to death. No, he told himself. If Cersei had wanted him dead, he would have been cut down in the throne room with his men. She wanted him alive. Weak, desperate, yet alive. Catelyn held her brother; she dare not kill him or the Imps life would be forfeit as well.
  From outside his cell came the rattle of iron chains. As the door creaked open, Ned put a hand to the damp wall and pushed himself toward the light. The glare of a torch made him squint. Food, he croaked.
  Wine, a voice answered. It was not the rat-faced man; this gaoler was stouter, shorter, though he wore the same leather half cape and spiked steel cap. Drink, Lord Eddard. He thrust a wineskin into Neds hands.
  The voice was strangely familiar, yet it took Ned Stark a moment to place it. Varys? he said groggily when it came. He touched the mans face. Im not not dreaming this. Youre here. The eunuchs plump cheeks were covered with a dark stubble of beard. Ned felt the coarse hair with his fingers. Varys had transformed himself into a grizzled turnkey, reeking of sweat and sour wine. How did you what sort of magician are you?
  A thirsty one, Varys said. Drink, my lord.
  Neds hands fumbled at the skin. Is this the same poison they gave Robert?
  You wrong me, Varys said sadly. Truly, no one loves a eunuch. Give me the skin. He drank, a trickle of red leaking from the corner of his plump mouth. Not the equal of the vintage you offered me the night of the tourney, but no more poisonous than most, he concluded, wiping his lips. Here.
  Ned tried a swallow. Dregs. He felt as though he were about to bring the wine back up.
  All men must swallow the sour with the sweet. High lords and eunuchs alike. Your hour has come, my lord.
  My daughters
  The younger girl escaped Ser Meryn and fled, Varys told him. I have not been able to find her. Nor have the Lannisters. A kindness, there. Our new king loves her not. Your older girl is still betrothed to Joffrey. Cersei keeps her close. She came to court a few days ago to plead that you be spared. A pity you couldnt have been there, you would have been touched. He leaned forward intently. I trust you realize that you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?
  The queen will not kill me, Ned said. His head swam; the wine was strong, and it had been too long since hed eaten. Cat Cat holds her brother
  The wrong brother, Varys sighed. And lost to her, in any case. She let the Imp slip through her fingers. I expect he is dead by now, somewhere in the Mountains of the Moon.
  If that is true, slit my throat and have done with it. He was dizzy from the wine, tired and heartsick.
  Your blood is the last thing I desire.
  Ned frowned. When they slaughtered my guard, you stood beside the queen and watched, and said not a word.
  And would again. I seem to recall that I was unarmed, unarmored, and surrounded by Lannister swords. The eunuch looked at him curiously, tilting his head. When I was a young boy, before I was cut, I traveled with a troupe of mummers through the Free Cities. They taught me that each man has a role to play, in life as well as mummery. So it is at court. The Kings Justice must be fearsome, the master of coin must be frugal, the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard must be valiant and the master of whisperers must be sly and obsequious and without scruple. A courageous informer would be as useless as a cowardly knight. He took the wineskin back and drank.
  Ned studied the eunuchs face, searching for truth beneath the mummers scars and false stubble. He tried some more wine. This time it went down easier. Can you free me from this pit?
  I could but will I? No. Questions would be asked, and the answers would lead back to me.
  Ned had expected no more. You are blunt.
  A eunuch has no honor, and a spider does not enjoy the luxury of scruples, my lord.
  Would you at least consent to carry a message out for me?
  That would depend on the message. I will gladly provide you with paper and ink, if you like. And when you have written what you will, I will take the letter and read it, and deliver it or not, as best serves my own ends.
  Your own ends. What ends are those, Lord Varys?
  Peace, Varys replied without hesitation. If there was one soul in Kings Landing who was truly desperate to keep Robert Baratheon alive, it was me. He sighed. For fifteen years I protected him from his enemies, but I could not protect him from his friends. What strange fit of madness led you to tell the queen that you had learned the truth of Joffreys birth?
  The madness of mercy, Ned admitted.
  Ah, said Varys. To be sure. You are an honest and honorable man, Lord Eddard. Ofttimes I forget that. I have met so few of them in my life. He glanced around the cell. When I see what honesty and honor have won you, I understand why.
  Ned Stark laid his head back against the damp stone wall and closed his eyes. His leg was throbbing. The kings wine did you question Lancel?
  Oh, indeed. Cersei gave him the wineskins, and told him it was Roberts favorite vintage. The eunuch shrugged. A hunter lives a perilous life. If the boar had not done for Robert, it would have been a fall from a horse, the bite of a wood adder, an arrow gone astray the forest is the abbatoir of the gods. It was not wine that killed the king. It was your mercy.
  Ned had feared as much. Gods forgive me.
  If there are gods, Varys said, I expect they will. The queen would not have waited long in any case. Robert was becoming unruly, and she needed to be rid of him to free her hands to deal with his brothers. They are quite a pair, Stannis and Renly. The iron gauntlet and the silk glove. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. You have been foolish, my lord. You ought to have heeded Littlefinger when he urged you to support Joffreys succession.
  How how could you know of that?
  Varys smiled. I know, thats all that need concern you. I also know that on the morrow the queen will pay you a visit.
  Slowly Ned raised his eyes. Why?
  Cersei is frightened of you, my lord but she has other enemies she fears even more. Her beloved Jaime is fighting the river lords even now. Lysa Arryn sits in the Eyrie, ringed in stone and steel, and there is no love lost between her and the queen. In Dorne, the Martells still brood on the murder of Princess Elia and her babes. And now your son marches down the Neck with a northern host at his back.
  Robb is only a boy, Ned said, aghast.
  A boy with an army, Varys said. Yet only a boy, as you say. The kings brothers are the ones giving Cersei sleepless nights Lord Stannis in particular. His claim is the true one, he is known for his prowess as a battle commander, and he is utterly without mercy. There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man. No one knows what Stannis has been doing on Dragonstone, but I will wager you that hes gathered more swords than seashells. So here is Cerseis nightmare: while her father and brother spend their power battling Starks and Tullys, Lord Stannis will land, proclaim himself king, and lop off her sons curly blond head and her own in the bargain, though I truly believe she cares more about the boy.
  Stannis Baratheon is Roberts true heir, Ned said. The throne is his by rights. I would welcome his ascent.
  Varys tsked. Cersei will not want to hear that, I promise you. Stannis may win the throne, but only your rotting head will remain to cheer unless you guard that tongue of yours. Sansa begged so sweetly, it would be a shame if you threw it all away. You are being given your life back, if youll take it. Cersei is no fool. She knows a tame wolf is of more use than a dead one.
  You want me to serve the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son? Neds voice was thick with disbelief.
  I want you to serve the realm, Varys said. Tell the queen that you will confess your vile treason, command your son to lay down his sword, and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir. Offer to denounce Stannis and Renly as faithless usurpers. Our green-eyed lioness knows you are a man of honor. If you will give her the peace she needs and the time to deal with Stannis, and pledge to carry her secret to your grave, I believe she will allow you to take the black and live out the rest of your days on the Wall, with your brother and that baseborn son of yours.
  The thought of Jon filled Ned with a sense of shame, and a sorrow too deep for words. If only he could see the boy again, sit and talk with him pain shot through his broken leg, beneath the filthy grey plaster of his cast. He winced, his fingers opening and closing helplessly. Is this your own scheme, he gasped out at Varys, or are you in league with Littlefinger?
  That seemed to amuse the eunuch. I would sooner wed the Black Goat of Qohor. Littlefinger is the second most devious man in the Seven Kingdoms. Oh, I feed him choice whispers, sufficient so that he thinks I am his just as I allow Cersei to believe I am hers.
  And just as you let me believe that you were mine. Tell me, Lord Varys, who do you truly serve?
  Varys smiled thinly. Why, the realm, my good lord, how ever could you doubt that? I swear it by my lost manhood. I serve the realm, and the realm needs peace. He finished the last swallow of wine, and tossed the empty skin aside. So what is your answer, Lord Eddard? Give me your word that youll tell the queen what she wants to hear when she comes calling.
  If I did, my word would be as hollow as an empty suit of armor. My life is not so precious to me as that.
  Pity. The eunuch stood. And your daughters life, my lord? How precious is that?
  A chill pierced Neds heart. My daughter
  Surely you did not think Id forgotten about your sweet innocent, my lord? The queen most certainly has not.
  No, Ned pleaded, his voice cracking. Varys, gods have mercy, do as you like with me, but leave my daughter out of your schemes. Sansas no more than a child.
  Rhaenys was a child too. Prince Rhaegars daughter. A precious little thing, younger than your girls. She had a small black kitten she called Balerion, did you know? I always wondered what happened to him. Rhaenys liked to pretend he was the true Balerion, the Black Dread of old, but I imagine the Lannisters taught her the difference between a kitten and a dragon quick enough, the day they broke down her door. Varys gave a long weary sigh, the sigh of a man who carried all the sadness of the world in a sack upon his shoulders. The High Septon once told me that as we sin, so do we suffer. If thats true, Lord Eddard, tell me why is it always the innocents who suffer most, when you high lords play your game of thrones? Ponder it, if you would, while you wait upon the queen. And spare a thought for this as well: The next visitor who calls on you could bring you bread and cheese and the milk of the poppy for your pain or he could bring you Sansas head.
  The choice, my dear lord Hand, is entirely yours.
 Catelyn
  As the host trooped down the causeway through the black bogs of the Neck and spilled out into the riverlands beyond, Catelyns apprehensions grew. She masked her fears behind a face kept still and stern, yet they were there all the same, growing with every league they crossed. Her days were anxious, her nights restless, and every raven that flew overhead made her clench her teeth.
  She feared for her lord father, and wondered at his ominous silence. She feared for her brother Edmure, and prayed that the gods would watch over him if he must face the Kingslayer in battle. She feared for Ned and her girls, and for the sweet sons she had left behind at Winterfell. And yet there was nothing she could do for any of them, and so she made herself put all thought of them aside. You must save your strength for Robb, she told herself. He is the only one you can help. You must be as fierce and hard as the north, Catelyn Tully. You must be a Stark for true now, like your son.
  Robb rode at the front of the column, beneath the flapping white banner of Winterfell. Each day he would ask one of his lords to join him, so they might confer as they marched; he honored every man in turn, showing no favorites, listening as his lord father had listened, weighing the words of one against the other. He has learned so much from Ned, she thought as she watched him, but has he learned enough?
  The Blackfish had taken a hundred picked men and a hundred swift horses and raced ahead to screen their movements and scout the way. The reports Ser Bryndens riders brought back did little to reassure her. Lord Tywins host was still many days to the south but Walder Frey, Lord of the Crossing, had assembled a force of near four thousand men at his castles on the Green Fork.
  Late again, Catelyn murmured when she heard. It was the Trident all over, damn the man. Her brother Edmure had called the banners; by rights, Lord Frey should have gone to join the Tully host at Riverrun, yet here he sat.
  Four thousand men, Robb repeated, more perplexed than angry. Lord Frey cannot hope to fight the Lannisters by himself. Surely he means to join his power to ours.
  Does he? Catelyn asked. She had ridden forward to join Robb and Robett Glover, his companion of the day. The vanguard spread out behind them, a slow-moving forest of lances and banners and spears. I wonder. Expect nothing of Walder Frey, and you will never be surprised.
  Hes your fathers bannerman.
  Some men take their oaths more seriously than others, Robb. And Lord Walder was always friendlier with Casterly Rock than my father would have liked. One of his sons is wed to Tywin Lannisters sister. That means little of itself, to be sure. Lord Walder has sired a great many children over the years, and they must needs marry someone. Still
  Do you think he means to betray us to the Lannisters, my lady? Robett Glover asked gravely.
  Catelyn sighed. If truth be told, I doubt even Lord Frey knows what Lord Frey intends to do. He has an old mans caution and a young mans ambition, and has never lacked for cunning.
  We must have the Twins, Mother, Robb said heatedly. There is no other way across the river. You know that.
  Yes. And so does Walder Frey, you can be sure of that.
  That night they made camp on the southern edge of the bogs, halfway between the kingsroad and the river. It was there Theon Greyjoy brought them further word from her uncle. Ser Brynden says to tell you hes crossed swords with the Lannisters. There are a dozen scouts who wont be reporting back to Lord Tywin anytime soon. Or ever. He grinned. Ser Addam Marbrand commands their outriders, and hes pulling back south, burning as he goes. He knows where we are, more or less, but the Blackfish vows he will not know when we split.
  Unless Lord Frey tells him, Catelyn said sharply. Theon, when you return to my uncle, tell him he is to place his best bowmen around the Twins, day and night, with orders to bring down any raven they see leaving the battlements. I want no birds bringing word of my sons movements to Lord Tywin.
  Ser Brynden has seen to it already, my lady, Theon replied with a cocky smile. A few more blackbirds, and we should have enough to bake a pie. Ill save you their feathers for a hat.
  She ought to have known that Brynden Blackfish would be well ahead of her. What have the Freys been doing while the Lannisters burn their fields and plunder their holdfasts?
  Theres been some fighting between Ser Addams men and Lord Walders, Theon answered. Not a days ride from here, we found two Lannister scouts feeding the crows where the Freys had strung them up. Most of Lord Walders strength remains massed at the Twins, though.
  That bore Walder Freys seal beyond a doubt, Catelyn thought bitterly; hold back, wait, watch, take no risk unless forced to it.
  If hes been fighting the Lannisters, perhaps he does mean to hold to his vows, Robb said.
  Catelyn was less encouraged. Defending his own lands is one thing, open battle against Lord Tywin quite another.
  Robb turned back to Theon Greyjoy. Has the Blackfish found any other way across the Green Fork?
  Theon shook his head. The rivers running high and fast. Ser Brynden says it cant be forded, not this far north.
  I must have that crossing! Robb declared, fuming. Oh, our horses might be able to swim the river, I suppose, but not with armored men on their backs. Wed need to build rafts to pole our steel across, helms and mail and lances, and we dont have the trees for that. Or the time. Lord Tywin is marching north He balled his hand into a fist.
  Lord Frey would be a fool to try and bar our way, Theon Greyjoy said with his customary easy confidence. We have five times his numbers. You can take the Twins if you need to, Robb.
  Not easily, Catelyn warned them, and not in time. While you were mounting your siege, Tywin Lannister would bring up his host and assault you from the rear.
  Robb glanced from her to Greyjoy, searching for an answer and finding none. For a moment he looked even younger than his fifteen years, despite his mail and sword and the stubble on his cheeks. What would my lord father do? he asked her.
  Find a way across, she told him. Whatever it took.
  The next morning it was Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them. He had put aside the heavy plate and helm hed worn as the Knight of the Gate for the lighter leather-and-mail of an outrider, but his obsidian fish still fastened his cloak.
  Her uncles face was grave as he swung down off his horse. There has been a battle under the walls of Riverrun, he said, his mouth grim. We had it from a Lannister outrider we took captive. The Kingslayer has destroyed Edmures host and sent the lords of the Trident reeling in flight.
  A cold hand clutched at Catelyns heart. And my brother?
  Wounded and taken prisoner, Ser Brynden said. Lord Blackwood and the other survivors are under siege inside Riverrun, surrounded by Jaimes host.
  Robb looked fretful. We must get across this accursed river if were to have any hope of relieving them in time.
  That will not be easily done, her uncle cautioned. Lord Frey has pulled his whole strength back inside his castles, and his gates are closed and barred.
  Damn the man, Robb swore. If the old fool does not relent and let me cross, hell leave me no choice but to storm his walls. Ill pull the Twins down around his ears if I have to, well see how well he likes that!
  You sound like a sulky boy, Robb, Catelyn said sharply. A child sees an obstacle, and his first thought is to run around it or knock it down. A lord must learn that sometimes words can accomplish what swords cannot.
  Robbs neck reddened at the rebuke. Tell me what you mean, Mother, he said meekly.
  The Freys have held the crossing for six hundred years, and for six hundred years they have never failed to exact their toll.
  What toll? What does he want?
  She smiled. That is what we must discover.
  And what if I do not choose to pay this toll?
  Then you had best retreat back to Moat Cailin, deploy to meet Lord Tywin in battle or grow wings. I see no other choices. Catelyn put her heels to her horse and rode off, leaving her son to ponder her words. It would not do to make him feel as if his mother were usurping his place. Did you teach him wisdom as well as valor, Ned? she wondered. Did you teach him how to kneel? The graveyards of the Seven Kingdoms were full of brave men who had never learned that lesson.
  It was near midday when their vanguard came in sight of the Twins, where the Lords of the Crossing had their seat.
  The Green Fork ran swift and deep here, but the Freys had spanned it many centuries past and grown rich off the coin men paid them to cross. Their bridge was a massive arch of smooth grey rock, wide enough for two wagons to pass abreast; the Water Tower rose from the center of the span, commanding both road and river with its arrow slits, murder holes, and portcullises. It had taken the Freys three generations to complete their bridge; when they were done theyd thrown up stout timber keeps on either bank, so no one might cross without their leave.
  The timber had long since given way to stone. The Twinstwo squat, ugly, formidable castles, identical in every respect, with the bridge arching betweenhad guarded the crossing for centuries. High curtain walls, deep moats, and heavy oak-and-iron gates protected the approaches, the bridge footings rose from within stout inner keeps, there was a barbican and portcullis on either bank, and the Water Tower defended the span itself.
  One glance was sufficient to tell Catelyn that the castle would not be taken by storm. The battlements bristled with spears and swords and scorpions, there was an archer at every crenel and arrow slit, the drawbridge was up, the portcullis down, the gates closed and barred.
  The Greatjon began to curse and swear as soon as he saw what awaited them. Lord Rickard Karstark glowered in silence. That cannot be assaulted, my lords, Roose Bolton announced.
  Nor can we take it by siege, without an army on the far bank to invest the other castle, Helman Tallhart said gloomily. Across the deep-running green waters, the western twin stood like a reflection of its eastern brother. Even if we had the time. Which, to be sure, we do not.
  As the northern lords studied the castle, a sally port opened, a plank bridge slid across the moat, and a dozen knights rode forth to confront them, led by four of Lord Walders many sons. Their banner bore twin towers, dark blue on a field of pale silver-grey. Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walders heir, spoke for them. The Freys all looked like weasels; Ser Stevron, past sixty with grandchildren of his own, looked like an especially old and tired weasel, yet he was polite enough. My lord father has sent me to greet you, and inquire as to who leads this mighty host.
  I do. Robb spurred his horse forward. He was in his armor, with the direwolf shield of Winterfell strapped to his saddle and Grey Wind padding by his side.
  The old knight looked at her son with a faint flicker of amusement in his watery grey eyes, though his gelding whickered uneasily and sidled away from the direwolf. My lord father would be most honored if you would share meat and mead with him in the castle and explain your purpose here.
  His words crashed among the lords bannermen like a great stone from a catapult. Not one of them approved. They cursed, argued, shouted down each other.
  You must not do this, my lord, Galbart Glover pleaded with Robb. Lord Walder is not to be trusted.
  Roose Bolton nodded. Go in there alone and youre his. He can sell you to the Lannisters, throw you in a dungeon, or slit your throat, as he likes.
  If he wants to talk to us, let him open his gates, and we will all share his meat and mead, declared Ser Wendel Manderly.
  Or let him come out and treat with Robb here, in plain sight of his men and ours, suggested his brother, Ser Wylis.
  Catelyn Stark shared all their doubts, but she had only to glance at Ser Stevron to see that he was not pleased by what he was hearing. A few more words and the chance would be lost. She had to act, and quickly. I will go, she said loudly.
  You, my lady? The Greatjon furrowed his brow.
  Mother, are you certain? Clearly, Robb was not.
  Never more, Catelyn lied glibly. Lord Walder is my fathers bannerman. I have known him since I was a girl. He would never offer me any harm. Unless he saw some profit in it, she added silently, but some truths did not bear saying, and some lies were necessary.
  I am certain my lord father would be pleased to speak to the Lady Catelyn, Ser Stevron said. To vouchsafe for our good intentions, my brother Ser Perwyn will remain here until she is safely returned to you.
  He shall be our honored guest, said Robb. Ser Perwyn, the youngest of the four Freys in the party, dismounted and handed the reins of his horse to a brother. I require my lady mothers return by evenfall, Ser Stevron, Robb went on. It is not my intent to linger here long.
  Ser Stevron Frey gave a polite nod. As you say, my lord. Catelyn spurred her horse forward and did not look back. Lord Walders sons and envoys fell in around her.
  Her father had once said of Walder Frey that he was the only lord in the Seven Kingdoms who could field an army out of his breeches. When the Lord of the Crossing welcomed Catelyn in the great hall of the east castle, surrounded by twenty living sons (minus Ser Perwyn, who would have made twenty-one), thirty-six grandsons, nineteen great-grandsons, and numerous daughters, granddaughters, bastards, and grandbastards, she understood just what he had meant.
  Lord Walder was ninety, a wizened pink weasel with a bald spotted head, too gouty to stand unassisted. His newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, walked beside his litter when they carried him in. She was the eighth Lady Frey.
  It is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, my lord, Catelyn said.
  The old man squinted at her suspiciously. Is it? I doubt that. Spare me your sweet words, Lady Catelyn, I am too old. Why are you here? Is your boy too proud to come before me himself? What am I to do with you?
  Catelyn had been a girl the last time she had visited the Twins, but even then Lord Walder had been irascible, sharp of tongue, and blunt of manner. Age had made him worse than ever, it would seem. She would need to choose her words with care, and do her best to take no offense from his.
  Father, Ser Stevron said reproachfully, you forget yourself. Lady Stark is here at your invitation.
  Did I ask you? You are not Lord Frey yet, not until I die. Do I look dead? Ill hear no instructions from you.
  This is no way to speak in front of our noble guest, Father, one of his younger sons said.
  Now my bastards presume to teach me courtesy, Lord Walder complained. Ill speak any way I like, damn you. Ive had three kings to guest in my life, and queens as well, do you think I require lessons from the likes of you, Ryger? Your mother was milking goats the first time I gave her my seed. He dismissed the red-faced youth with a flick of his fingers and gestured to two of his other sons. Danwell, Whalen, help me to my chair.
  They shifted Lord Walder from his litter and carried him to the high seat of the Freys, a tall chair of black oak whose back was carved in the shape of two towers linked by a bridge. His young wife crept up timidly and covered his legs with a blanket. When he was settled, the old man beckoned Catelyn forward and planted a papery dry kiss on her hand. There, he announced. Now that I have observed the courtesies, my lady, perhaps my sons will do me the honor of shutting their mouths. Why are you here?
  To ask you to open your gates, my lord, Catelyn replied politely. My son and his lords bannermen are most anxious to cross the river and be on their way.
  To Riverrun? He sniggered. Oh, no need to tell me, no need. Im not blind yet. The old man can still read a map.
  To Riverrun, Catelyn confirmed. She saw no reason to deny it. Where I might have expected to find you, my lord. You are still my fathers bannerman, are you not?
  Heh, said Lord Walder, a noise halfway between a laugh and a grunt. I called my swords, yes I did, here they are, you saw them on the walls. It was my intent to march as soon as all my strength was assembled. Well, to send my sons. I am well past marching myself, Lady Catelyn. He looked around for likely confirmation and pointed to a tall, stooped man of fifty years. Tell her, Jared. Tell her that was my intent.
  It was, my lady, said Ser Jared Frey, one of his sons by his second wife. On my honor.
  Is it my fault that your fool brother lost his battle before we could march? He leaned back against his cushions and scowled at her, as if challenging her to dispute his version of events. I am told the Kingslayer went through him like an axe through ripe cheese. Why should my boys hurry south to die? All those who did go south are running north again.
  Catelyn would gladly have spitted the querulous old man and roasted him over a fire, but she had only till evenfall to open the bridge. Calmly, she said, All the more reason that we must reach Riverrun, and soon. Where can we go to talk, my lord?
  Were talking now, Lord Frey complained. The spotted pink head snapped around. What are you all looking at? he shouted at his kin. Get out of here. Lady Stark wants to speak to me in private. Might be she has designs on my fidelity, heh. Go, all of you, find something useful to do. Yes, you too, woman. Out, out, out. As his sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews streamed from the hall, he leaned close to Catelyn and confessed, Theyre all waiting for me to die. Stevrons been waiting for forty years, but I keep disappointing him. Heh. Why should I die just so he can be a lord? I ask you. I wont do it.
  I have every hope that you will live to be a hundred.
  That would boil them, to be sure. Oh, to be sure. Now, what do you want to say?
  We want to cross, Catelyn told him.