Is that truly so many?
  Your brother Rhaegar brought as many men to the Trident, Ser Jorah admitted, but of that number, no more than a tenth were knights. The rest were archers, freeriders, and foot soldiers armed with spears and pikes. When Rhaegar fell, many threw down their weapons and fled the field. How long do you imagine such a rabble would stand against the charge of forty thousand screamers howling for blood? How well would boiled leather jerkins and mailed shirts protect them when the arrows fall like rain?
  Not long, she said, not well.
  He nodded. Mind you, Princess, if the lords of the Seven Kingdoms have the wit the gods gave a goose, it will never come to that. The riders have no taste for siegecraft. I doubt they could take even the weakest castle in the Seven Kingdoms, but if Robert Baratheon were fool enough to give them battle
  Is he? Dany asked. A fool, I mean?
  Ser Jorah considered that for a moment. Robert should have been born Dothraki, he said at last. Your khal would tell you that only a coward hides behind stone walls instead of facing his enemy with a blade in hand. The Usurper would agree. He is a strong man, brave and rash enough to meet a Dothraki horde in the open field. But the men around him, well, their pipers play a different tune. His brother Stannis, Lord Tywin Lannister, Eddard Stark He spat.
  You hate this Lord Stark, Dany said.
  He took from me all I loved, for the sake of a few lice-ridden poachers and his precious honor, Ser Jorah said bitterly. From his tone, she could tell the loss still pained him. He changed the subject quickly. There, he announced, pointing. Vaes Dothrak. The city of the horselords.
  Khal Drogo and his bloodriders led them through the great bazaar of the Western Market, down the broad ways beyond. Dany followed close on her silver, staring at the strangeness about her. Vaes Dothrak was at once the largest city and the smallest that she had ever known. She thought it must be ten times as large as Pentos, a vastness without walls or limits, its broad windswept streets paved in grass and mud and carpeted with wildflowers. In the Free Cities of the west, towers and manses and hovels and bridges and shops and halls all crowded in on one another, but Vaes Dothrak sprawled languorously, baking in the warm sun, ancient, arrogant, and empty.
  Even the buildings were so queer to her eyes. She saw carved stone pavilions, manses of woven grass as large as castles, rickety wooden towers, stepped pyramids faced with marble, log halls open to the sky. In place of walls, some palaces were surrounded by thorny hedges. None of them are alike, she said.
  Your brother had part of the truth, Ser Jorah admitted. The Dothraki do not build. A thousand years ago, to make a house, they would dig a hole in the earth and cover it with a woven grass roof. The buildings you see were made by slaves brought here from lands theyve plundered, and they built each after the fashion of their own peoples.
  Most of the halls, even the largest, seemed deserted. Where are the people who live here? Dany asked. The bazaar had been full of running children and men shouting, but elsewhere she had seen only a few eunuchs going about their business.
  Only the crones of the dosh khaleen dwell permanently in the sacred city, them and their slaves and servants, Ser Jorah replied, yet Vaes Dothrak is large enough to house every man of every khalasar, should all the khals return to the Mother at once. The crones have prophesied that one day that will come to pass, and so Vaes Dothrak must be ready to embrace all its children.
  Khal Drogo finally called a halt near the Eastern Market where the caravans from Yi Ti and Asshai and the Shadow Lands came to trade, with the Mother of Mountains looming overhead. Dany smiled as she recalled Magister Illyrios slave girl and her talk of a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver. The palace was a cavernous wooden feasting hall, its rough-hewn timbered walls rising forty feet, its roof sewn silk, a vast billowing tent that could be raised to keep out the rare rains, or lowered to admit the endless sky. Around the hall were broad grassy horse yards fenced with high hedges, firepits, and hundreds of round earthen houses that bulged from the ground like miniature hills, covered with grass.
  A small army of slaves had gone ahead to prepare for Khal Drogos arrival. As each rider swung down from his saddle, he unbelted his arakh and handed it to a waiting slave, and any other weapons he carried as well. Even Khal Drogo himself was not exempt. Ser Jorah had explained that it was forbidden to carry a blade in Vaes Dothrak, or to shed a free mans blood. Even warring khalasars put aside their feuds and shared meat and mead together when they were in sight of the Mother of Mountains. In this place, the crones of the dosh khaleen had decreed, all Dothraki were one blood, one khalasar, one herd.
  Cohollo came to Dany as Irri and Jhiqui were helping her down off her silver. He was the oldest of Drogos three bloodriders, a squat bald man with a crooked nose and a mouth full of broken teeth, shattered by a mace twenty years before when he saved the young khalakka from sellswords who hoped to sell him to his fathers enemies. His life had been bound to Drogos the day her lord husband was born.
  Every khal had his bloodriders. At first Dany had thought of them as a kind of Dothraki Kingsguard, sworn to protect their lord, but it went further than that. Jhiqui had taught her that a bloodrider was more than a guard; they were the khals brothers, his shadows, his fiercest friends. Blood of my blood, Drogo called them, and so it was; they shared a single life. The ancient traditions of the horselords demanded that when the khal died, his bloodriders died with him, to ride at his side in the night lands. If the khal died at the hands of some enemy, they lived only long enough to avenge him, and then followed him joyfully into the grave. In some khalasars, Jhiqui said, the bloodriders shared the khals wine, his tent, and even his wives, though never his horses. A mans mount was his own.
  Daenerys was glad that Khal Drogo did not hold to those ancient ways. She should not have liked being shared. And while old Cohollo treated her kindly enough, the others frightened her; Haggo, huge and silent, often glowered as if he had forgotten who she was, and Qotho had cruel eyes and quick hands that liked to hurt. He left bruises on Doreahs soft white skin whenever he touched her, and sometimes made Irri sob in the night. Even his horses seemed to fear him.
  Yet they were bound to Drogo for life and death, so Daenerys had no choice but to accept them. And sometimes she found herself wishing her father had been protected by such men. In the songs, the white knights of the Kingsguard were ever noble, valiant, and true, and yet King Aerys had been murdered by one of them, the handsome boy they now called the Kingslayer, and a second, Ser Barristan the Bold, had gone over to the Usurper. She wondered if all men were as false in the Seven Kingdoms. When her son sat the Iron Throne, she would see that he had bloodriders of his own to protect him against treachery in his Kingsguard.
  Khaleesi, Cohollo said to her, in Dothraki. Drogo, who is blood of my blood, commands me to tell you that he must ascend the Mother of Mountains this night, to sacrifice to the gods for his safe return.
  Only men were allowed to set foot on the Mother, Dany knew. The khals bloodriders would go with him, and return at dawn. Tell my sun-and-stars that I dream of him, and wait anxious for his return, she replied, thankful. Dany tired more easily as the child grew within her; in truth, a night of rest would be most welcome. Her pregnancy only seemed to have inflamed Drogos desire for her, and of late his embraces left her exhausted.
  Doreah led her to the hollow hill that had been prepared for her and her khal. It was cool and dim within, like a tent made of earth. Jhiqui, a bath, please, she commanded, to wash the dust of travel from her skin and soak her weary bones. It was pleasant to know that they would linger here for a while, that she would not need to climb back on her silver on the morrow.
  The water was scalding hot, as she liked it. I will give my brother his gifts tonight, she decided as Jhiqui was washing her hair. He should look a king in the sacred city. Doreah, run and find him and invite him to sup with me. Viserys was nicer to the Lysene girl than to her Dothraki handmaids, perhaps because Magister Illyrio had let him bed her back in Pentos. Irri, go to the bazaar and buy fruit and meat. Anything but horseflesh.
  Horse is best, Irri said. Horse makes a man strong.
  Viserys hates horsemeat.
  As you say, Khaleesi.
  She brought back a haunch of goat and a basket of fruits and vegetables. Jhiqui roasted the meat with sweetgrass and firepods, basting it with honey as it cooked, and there were melons and pomegranates and plums and some queer eastern fruit Dany did not know. While her handmaids prepared the meal, Dany laid out the clothing shed had made to her brothers measure: a tunic and leggings of crisp white linen, leather sandals that laced up to the knee, a bronze medallion belt, a leather vest painted with fire-breathing dragons. The Dothraki would respect him more if he looked less a beggar, she hoped, and perhaps he would forgive her for shaming him that day in the grass. He was still her king, after all, and her brother. They were both blood of the dragon.
  She was arranging the last of his giftsa sandsilk cloak, green as grass, with a pale grey border that would bring out the silver in his hairwhen Viserys arrived, dragging Doreah by the arm. Her eye was red where hed hit her. How dare you send this whore to give me commands, he said. He shoved the handmaid roughly to the carpet.
  The anger took Dany utterly by surprise. I only wanted Doreah, what did you say?
  Khaleesi, pardons, forgive me. I went to him, as you bid, and told him you commanded him to join you for supper.
  No one commands the dragon, Viserys snarled. I am your king! I should have sent you back her head!
  The Lysene girl quailed, but Dany calmed her with a touch. Dont be afraid, he wont hurt you. Sweet brother, please, forgive her, the girl misspoke herself, I told her to ask you to sup with me, if it pleases Your Grace. She took him by the hand and drew him across the room. Look. These are for you.
  Viserys frowned suspiciously. What is all this?
  New raiment. I had it made for you. Dany smiled shyly.
  He looked at her and sneered. Dothraki rags. Do you presume to dress me now?
  Please youll be cooler and more comfortable, and I thought maybe if you dressed like them, the Dothraki Dany did not know how to say it without waking his dragon.
  Next youll want to braid my hair.
  Id never Why was he always so cruel? She had only wanted to help. You have no right to a braid, you have won no victories yet.
  It was the wrong thing to say. Fury shone from his lilac eyes, yet he dared not strike her, not with her handmaids watching and the warriors of her khas outside. Viserys picked up the cloak and sniffed at it. This stinks of manure. Perhaps I shall use it as a horse blanket.
  I had Doreah sew it specially for you, she told him, wounded. These are garments fit for a khal.
  I am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, not some grass-stained savage with bells in his hair, Viserys spat back at her. He grabbed her arm. You forget yourself, slut. Do you think that big belly will protect you if you wake the dragon?
  His fingers dug into her arm painfully and for an instant Dany felt like a child again, quailing in the face of his rage. She reached out with her other hand and grabbed the first thing she touched, the belt shed hoped to give him, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions. She swung it with all her strength.
  It caught him full in the face. Viserys let go of her. Blood ran down his cheek where the edge of one of the medallions had sliced it open. You are the one who forgets himself, Dany said to him. Didnt you learn anything that day in the grass? Leave me now, before I summon my khas to drag you out. And pray that Khal Drogo does not hear of this, or he will cut open your belly and feed you your own entrails.
  Viserys scrambled back to his feet. When I come into my kingdom, you will rue this day, slut. He walked off, holding his torn face, leaving her gifts behind him.
  Drops of his blood had spattered the beautiful sandsilk cloak. Dany clutched the soft cloth to her cheek and sat cross-legged on her sleeping mats.
  Your supper is ready, Khaleesi, Jhiqui announced.
  Im not hungry, Dany said sadly. She was suddenly very tired. Share the food among yourselves, and send some to Ser Jorah, if you would. After a moment she added, Please, bring me one of the dragons eggs.
  Irri fetched the egg with the deep green shell, bronze flecks shining amid its scales as she turned it in her small hands. Dany curled up on her side, pulling the sandsilk cloak across her and cradling the egg in the hollow between her swollen belly and small, tender breasts. She liked to hold them. They were so beautiful, and sometimes just being close to them made her feel stronger, braver, as if somehow she were drawing strength from the stone dragons locked inside.
  She was lying there, holding the egg, when she felt the child move within her as if he were reaching out, brother to brother, blood to blood. You are the dragon, Dany whispered to him, the true dragon. I know it. I know it. And she smiled, and went to sleep dreaming of home.
 Bran
  A light snow was falling. Bran could feel the flakes on his face, melting as they touched his skin like the gentlest of rains. He sat straight atop his horse, watching as the iron portcullis was winched upward. Try as he might to keep calm, his heart was fluttering in his chest.
  Are you ready? Robb asked.
  Bran nodded, trying not to let his fear show. He had not been outside Winterfell since his fall, but he was determined to ride out as proud as any knight.
  Lets ride, then. Robb put his heels into his big grey-and-white gelding, and the horse walked under the portcullis.
  Go, Bran whispered to his own horse. He touched her neck lightly, and the small chestnut filly started forward. Bran had named her Dancer. She was two years old, and Joseth said she was smarter than any horse had a right to be. They had trained her special, to respond to rein and voice and touch. Up to now, Bran had only ridden her around the yard. At first Joseth or Hodor would lead her, while Bran sat strapped to her back in the oversize saddle the Imp had drawn up for him, but for the past fortnight he had been riding her on his own, trotting her round and round, and growing bolder with every circuit.
  They passed beneath the gatehouse, over the drawbridge, through the outer walls. Summer and Grey Wind came loping beside them, sniffing at the wind. Close behind came Theon Greyjoy, with his longbow and a quiver of broadheads; he had a mind to take a deer, he had told them. He was followed by four guardsmen in mailed shirts and coifs, and Joseth, a stick-thin stableman whom Robb had named master of horse while Hullen was away. Maester Luwin brought up the rear, riding on a donkey. Bran would have liked it better if he and Robb had gone off alone, just the two of them, but Hal Mollen would not hear of it, and Maester Luwin backed him. If Bran fell off his horse or injured himself, the maester was determined to be with him.
  Beyond the castle lay the market square, its wooden stalls deserted now. They rode down the muddy streets of the village, past rows of small neat houses of log and undressed stone. Less than one in five were occupied, thin tendrils of woodsmoke curling up from their chimneys. The rest would fill up one by one as it grew colder. When the snow fell and the ice winds howled down out of the north, Old Nan said, farmers left their frozen fields and distant holdfasts, loaded up their wagons, and then the winter town came alive. Bran had never seen it happen, but Maester Luwin said the day was looming closer. The end of the long summer was near at hand. Winter is coming.
  A few villagers eyed the direwolves anxiously as the riders went past, and one man dropped the wood he was carrying as he shrank away in fear, but most of the townfolk had grown used to the sight. They bent the knee when they saw the boys, and Robb greeted each of them with a lordly nod.
  With his legs unable to grip, the swaying motion of the horse made Bran feel unsteady at first, but the huge saddle with its thick horn and high back cradled him comfortingly, and the straps around his chest and thighs would not allow him to fall. After a time the rhythm began to feel almost natural. His anxiety faded, and a tremulous smile crept across his face.
  Two serving wenches stood beneath the sign of the Smoking Log, the local alehouse. When Theon Greyjoy called out to them, the younger girl turned red and covered her face. Theon spurred his mount to move up beside Robb. Sweet Kyra, he said with a laugh. She squirms like a weasel in bed, but say a word to her on the street, and she blushes pink as a maid. Did I ever tell you about the night that she and Bessa
  Not where my brother can hear, Theon, Robb warned him with a glance at Bran.
  Bran looked away and pretended not to have heard, but he could feel Greyjoys eyes on him. No doubt he was smiling. He smiled a lot, as if the world were a secret joke that only he was clever enough to understand. Robb seemed to admire Theon and enjoy his company, but Bran had never warmed to his fathers ward.
  Robb rode closer. You are doing well, Bran.
  I want to go faster, Bran replied.
  Robb smiled. As you will. He sent his gelding into a trot. The wolves raced after him. Bran snapped the reins sharply, and Dancer picked up her pace. He heard a shout from Theon Greyjoy, and the hoofbeats of the other horses behind him.
  Brans cloak billowed out, rippling in the wind, and the snow seemed to rush at his face. Robb was well ahead, glancing back over his shoulder from time to time to make sure Bran and the others were following. He snapped the reins again. Smooth as silk, Dancer slid into a gallop. The distance closed. By the time he caught Robb on the edge of the wolfswood, two miles beyond the winter town, they had left the others well behind. I can ride! Bran shouted, grinning. It felt almost as good as flying.
  Id race you, but I fear youd win. Robbs tone was light and joking, yet Bran could tell that something was troubling his brother underneath the smile.
  I dont want to race. Bran looked around for the direwolves. Both had vanished into the wood. Did you hear Summer howling last night?
  Grey Wind was restless too, Robb said. His auburn hair had grown shaggy and unkempt, and a reddish stubble covered his jaw, making him look older than his fifteen years. Sometimes I think they know things sense things Robb sighed. I never know how much to tell you, Bran. I wish you were older.
  Im eight now! Bran said. Eight isnt so much younger than fifteen, and Im the heir to Winterfell, after you.
  So you are. Robb sounded sad, and even a little scared. Bran, I need to tell you something. There was a bird last night. From Kings Landing. Maester Luwin woke me.
  Bran felt a sudden dread. Dark wings, dark words, Old Nan always said, and of late the messenger ravens had been proving the truth of the proverb. When Robb wrote to the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch, the bird that came back brought word that Uncle Benjen was still missing. Then a message had arrived from the Eyrie, from Mother, but that had not been good news either. She did not say when she meant to return, only that she had taken the Imp as prisoner. Bran had sort of liked the little man, yet the name Lannister sent cold fingers creeping up his spine. There was something about the Lannisters, something he ought to remember, but when he tried to think what, he felt dizzy and his stomach clenched hard as a stone. Robb spent most of that day locked behind closed doors with Maester Luwin, Theon Greyjoy, and Hallis Mollen. Afterward, riders were sent out on fast horses, carrying Robbs commands throughout the north. Bran heard talk of Moat Cailin, the ancient stronghold the First Men had built at the top of the Neck. No one ever told him what was happening, yet he knew it was not good.
  And now another raven, another message. Bran clung to hope. Was the bird from Mother? Is she coming home?
  The message was from Alyn in Kings Landing. Jory Cassel is dead. And Wyl and Heward as well. Murdered by the Kingslayer. Robb lifted his face to the snow, and the flakes melted on his cheeks. May the gods give them rest.
  Bran did not know what to say. He felt as if hed been punched. Jory had been captain of the household guard at Winterfell since before Bran was born. They killed Jory? He remembered all the times Jory had chased him over the roofs. He could picture him striding across the yard in mail and plate, or sitting at his accustomed place on the bench in the Great Hall, joking as he ate. Why would anyone kill Jory?
  Robb shook his head numbly, the pain plain in his eyes. I dont know, and Bran, thats not the worst of it. Father was caught beneath a falling horse in the fight. Alyn says his leg was shattered, and Maester Pycelle has given him the milk of the poppy, but they arent sure when when he The sound of hoofbeats made him glance down the road, to where Theon and the others were coming up. When he will wake, Robb finished. He laid his hand on the pommel of his sword then, and went on in the solemn voice of Robb the Lord. Bran, I promise you, whatever might happen, I will not let this be forgotten.
  Something in his tone made Bran even more fearful. What will you do? he asked as Theon Greyjoy reined in beside them.
  Theon thinks I should call the banners, Robb said.
  Blood for blood. For once Greyjoy did not smile. His lean, dark face had a hungry look to it, and black hair fell down across his eyes.
  Only the lord can call the banners, Bran said as the snow drifted down around them.
  If your father dies, Theon said, Robb will be Lord of Winterfell.
  He wont die! Bran screamed at him.
  Robb took his hand. He wont die, not Father, he said calmly. Still the honor of the north is in my hands now. When our lord father took his leave of us, he told me to be strong for you and for Rickon. Im almost a man grown, Bran.
  Bran shivered. I wish Mother was back, he said miserably. He looked around for Maester Luwin; his donkey was visible in the far distance, trotting over a rise. Does Maester Luwin say to call the banners too?
  The maester is timid as an old woman, said Theon.
  Father always listened to his counsel, Bran reminded his brother. Mother too.
  I listen to him, Robb insisted. I listen to everyone.
  The joy Bran had felt at the ride was gone, melted away like the snowflakes on his face. Not so long ago, the thought of Robb calling the banners and riding off to war would have filled him with excitement, but now he felt only dread. Can we go back now? he asked. Im cold.
  Robb glanced around. We need to find the wolves. Can you stand to go a bit longer?
  I can go as long as you can. Maester Luwin had warned him to keep the ride short, for fear of saddle sores, but Bran would not admit to weakness in front of his brother. He was sick of the way everyone was always fussing over him and asking how he was.
  Lets hunt down the hunters, then, Robb said. Side by side, they urged their mounts off the kingsroad and struck out into the wolfswood. Theon dropped back and followed well behind them, talking and joking with the guardsmen.
  It was nice under the trees. Bran kept Dancer to a walk, holding the reins lightly and looking all around him as they went. He knew this wood, but he had been so long confined to Winterfell that he felt as though he were seeing it for the first time. The smells filled his nostrils; the sharp fresh tang of pine needles, the earthy odor of wet rotting leaves, the hints of animal musk and distant cooking fires. He caught a glimpse of a black squirrel moving through the snow-covered branches of an oak, and paused to study the silvery web of an empress spider.
  Theon and the others fell farther and farther behind, until Bran could no longer hear their voices. From ahead came the faint sound of rushing waters. It grew louder until they reached the stream. Tears stung his eyes.
  Bran? Robb asked. Whats wrong?
  Bran shook his head. I was just remembering, he said. Jory brought us here once, to fish for trout. You and me and Jon. Do you remember?
  I remember, Robb said, his voice quiet and sad.
  I didnt catch anything, Bran said, but Jon gave me his fish on the way back to Winterfell. Will we ever see Jon again?
  We saw Uncle Benjen when the king came to visit, Robb pointed out. Jon will visit too, youll see.
  The stream was running high and fast. Robb dismounted and led his gelding across the ford. In the deepest part of the crossing, the water came up to midthigh. He tied his horse to a tree on the far side, and waded back across for Bran and Dancer. The current foamed around rock and root, and Bran could feel the spray on his face as Robb led him over. It made him smile. For a moment he felt strong again, and whole. He looked up at the trees and dreamed of climbing them, right up to the very top, with the whole forest spread out beneath him.
  They were on the far side when they heard the howl, a long rising wail that moved through the trees like a cold wind. Bran raised his head to listen. Summer, he said. No sooner had he spoken than a second voice joined the first.
  Theyve made a kill, Robb said as he remounted. Id best go and bring them back. Wait here, Theon and the others should be along shortly.
  I want to go with you, Bran said.
  Ill find them faster by myself. Robb spurred his gelding and vanished into the trees.
  Once he was gone, the woods seemed to close in around Bran. The snow was falling more heavily now. Where it touched the ground it melted, but all about him rock and root and branch wore a thin blanket of white. As he waited, he was conscious of how uncomfortable he felt. He could not feel his legs, hanging useless in the stirrups, but the strap around his chest was tight and chafing, and the melting snow had soaked through his gloves to chill his hands. He wondered what was keeping Theon and Maester Luwin and Joseth and the rest.
  When he heard the rustle of leaves, Bran used the reins to make Dancer turn, expecting to see his friends, but the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream were strangers.
  Good day to you, he said nervously. One look, and Bran knew they were neither foresters nor farmers. He was suddenly conscious of how richly he was dressed. His surcoat was new, dark grey wool with silver buttons, and a heavy silver pin fastened his fur-trimmed cloak at the shoulders. His boots and gloves were lined with fur as well.
  All alone, are you? said the biggest of them, a bald man with a raw windburnt face. Lost in the wolfswood, poor lad.
  Im not lost. Bran did not like the way the strangers were looking at him. He counted four, but when he turned his head, he saw two others behind him. My brother rode off just a moment ago, and my guard will be here shortly.
  Your guard, is it? a second man said. Grey stubble covered his gaunt face. And what would they be guarding, my little lord? Is that a silver pin I see there on your cloak?
  Pretty, said a womans voice. She scarcely looked like a woman; tall and lean, with the same hard face as the others, her hair hidden beneath a bowl-shaped halfhelm. The spear she held was eight feet of black oak, tipped in rusted steel.
  Lets have a look, said the big bald man.
  Bran watched him anxiously. The mans clothes were filthy, fallen almost to pieces, patched here with brown and here with blue and there with a dark green, and faded everywhere to grey, but once that cloak might have been black. The grey stubbly man wore black rags too, he saw with a sudden start. Suddenly Bran remembered the oathbreaker his father had beheaded, the day they had found the wolf pups; that man had worn black as well, and Father said he had been a deserter from the Nights Watch. No man is more dangerous, he remembered Lord Eddard saying. The deserter knows his life is forfeit if he is taken, so he will not flinch from any crime, no matter how vile or cruel.
  The pin, lad, the big man said. He held out his hand.
  Well take the horse too, said another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair. Get down, and be quick about it. A knife slid from her sleeve into her hand, its edge jagged as a saw.
  No, Bran blurted. I cant
  The big man grabbed his reins before Bran could think to wheel Dancer around and gallop off. You can, lordling and will, if you know whats good for you.
  Stiv, look how hes strapped on. The tall woman pointed with her spear. Might be its the truth hes telling.
  Straps, is it? Stiv said. He drew a dagger from a sheath at his belt. Theres ways to deal with straps.
  You some kind of cripple? asked the short woman.
  Bran flared. Im Brandon Stark of Winterfell, and you better let go of my horse, or Ill see you all dead.
  The gaunt man with the grey stubbled face laughed. The boys a Stark, true enough. Only a Stark would be fool enough to threaten where smarter men would beg.
  Cut his little cock off and stuff it in his mouth, suggested the short woman. That should shut him up.