My lord Hand, Pycelle declared in a stiff voice, I urge you to remind this good knight that Lord Tywin Lannister is the father of our own gracious queen.
  Thank you, Grand Maester Pycelle, Ned said. I fear we might have forgotten that if you had not pointed it out.
  From his vantage point atop the throne, he could see men slipping out the door at the far end of the hall. Hares going to ground, he supposed or rats off to nibble the queens cheese. He caught a glimpse of Septa Mordane in the gallery, with his daughter Sansa beside her. Ned felt a flash of anger; this was no place for a girl. But the septa could not have known that todays court would be anything but the usual tedious business of hearing petitions, settling disputes between rival holdfasts, and adjudicating the placement of boundary stones.
  At the council table below, Petyr Baelish lost interest in his quill and leaned forward. Ser Marq, Ser Karyl, Ser Raymunperhaps I might ask you a question? These holdfasts were under your protection. Where were you when all this slaughtering and burning was going on?
  Ser Karyl Vance answered. I was attending my lord father in the pass below the Golden Tooth, as was Ser Marq. When the word of these outrages reached Ser Edmure Tully, he sent word that we should take a small force of men to find what survivors we could and bring them to the king.
  Ser Raymun Darry spoke up. Ser Edmure had summoned me to Riverrun with all my strength. I was camped across the river from his walls, awaiting his commands, when the word reached me. By the time I could return to my own lands, Clegane and his vermin were back across the Red Fork, riding for Lannisters hills.
  Littlefinger stroked the point of his beard thoughtfully. And if they come again, ser?
  If they come again, well use their blood to water the fields they burnt, Ser Marq Piper declared hotly.
  Ser Edmure has sent men to every village and holdfast within a days ride of the border, Ser Karyl explained. The next raider will not have such an easy time of it.
  And that may be precisely what Lord Tywin wants, Ned thought to himself, to bleed off strength from Riverrun, goad the boy into scattering his swords. His wifes brother was young, and more gallant than wise. He would try to hold every inch of his soil, to defend every man, woman, and child who named him lord, and Tywin Lannister was shrewd enough to know that.
  If your fields and holdfasts are safe from harm, Lord Petyr was saying, what then do you ask of the throne?
  The lords of the Trident keep the kings peace, Ser Raymun Darry said. The Lannisters have broken it. We ask leave to answer them, steel for steel. We ask justice for the smallfolk of Sherrer and Wendish Town and the Mummers Ford.
  Edmure agrees, we must pay Gregor Clegane back his bloody coin, Ser Marq declared, but old Lord Hoster commanded us to come here and beg the kings leave before we strike.
  Thank the gods for old Lord Hoster, then. Tywin Lannister was as much fox as lion. If indeed hed sent Ser Gregor to burn and pillageand Ned did not doubt that he hadhed taken care to see that he rode under cover of night, without banners, in the guise of a common brigand. Should Riverrun strike back, Cersei and her father would insist that it had been the Tullys who broke the kings peace, not the Lannisters. The gods only knew what Robert would believe.
  Grand Maester Pycelle was on his feet again. My lord Hand, if these good folk believe that Ser Gregor has forsaken his holy vows for plunder and rape, let them go to his liege lord and make their complaint. These crimes are no concern of the throne. Let them seek Lord Tywins justice.
  It is all the kings justice, Ned told him. North, south, east, or west, all we do we do in Roberts name.
  The kings justice, Grand Maester Pycelle said. So it is, and so we should defer this matter until the king
  The king is hunting across the river and may not return for days, Lord Eddard said. Robert bid me to sit here in his place, to listen with his ears, and to speak with his voice. I mean to do just that though I agree that he must be told. He saw a familiar face beneath the tapestries. Ser Robar.
  Ser Robar Royce stepped forward and bowed. My lord.
  Your father is hunting with the king, Ned said. Will you bring them word of what was said and done here today?
  At once, my lord.
  Do we have your leave to take our vengeance against Ser Gregor, then? Marq Piper asked the throne.
  Vengeance? Ned said. I thought we were speaking of justice. Burning Cleganes fields and slaughtering his people will not restore the kings peace, only your injured pride. He glanced away before the young knight could voice his outraged protest, and addressed the villagers. People of Sherrer, I cannot give you back your homes or your crops, nor can I restore your dead to life. But perhaps I can give you some small measure of justice, in the name of our king, Robert.
  Every eye in the hall was fixed on him, waiting. Slowly Ned struggled to his feet, pushing himself up from the throne with the strength of his arms, his shattered leg screaming inside its cast. He did his best to ignore the pain; it was no moment to let them see his weakness. The First Men believed that the judge who called for death should wield the sword, and in the north we hold to that still. I mislike sending another to do my killing yet it seems I have no choice. He gestured at his broken leg.
  Lord Eddard! The shout came from the west side of the hall as a handsome stripling of a boy strode forth boldly. Out of his armor, Ser Loras Tyrell looked even younger than his sixteen years. He wore pale blue silk, his belt a linked chain of golden roses, the sigil of his House. I beg you the honor of acting in your place. Give this task to me, my lord, and I swear I shall not fail you.
  Littlefinger chuckled. Ser Loras, if we send you off alone, Ser Gregor will send us back your head with a plum stuffed in that pretty mouth of yours. The Mountain is not the sort to bend his neck to any mans justice.
  I do not fear Gregor Clegane, Ser Loras said haughtily.
  Ned eased himself slowly back onto the hard iron seat of Aegons misshapen throne. His eyes searched the faces along the wall. Lord Beric, he called out. Thoros of Myr. Ser Gladden. Lord Lothar. The men named stepped forward one by one. Each of you is to assemble twenty men, to bring my word to Gregors keep. Twenty of my own guards shall go with you. Lord Beric Dondarrion, you shall have the command, as befits your rank.
  The young lord with the red-gold hair bowed. As you command, Lord Eddard.
  Ned raised his voice, so it carried to the far end of the throne room. In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, by the word of Eddard of the House Stark, his Hand, I charge you to ride to the westlands with all haste, to cross the Red Fork of the Trident under the kings flag, and there bring the kings justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane, and to all those who shared in his crimes. I denounce him, and attaint him, and strip him of all rank and titles, of all lands and incomes and holdings, and do sentence him to death. May the gods take pity on his soul.
  When the echo of his words had died away, the Knight of Flowers seemed perplexed. Lord Eddard, what of me?
  Ned looked down on him. From on high, Loras Tyrell seemed almost as young as Robb. No one doubts your valor, Ser Loras, but we are about justice here, and what you seek is vengeance. He looked back to Lord Beric. Ride at first light. These things are best done quickly. He held up a hand. The throne will hear no more petitions today.
  Alyn and Porther climbed the steep iron steps to help him back down. As they made their descent, he could feel Loras Tyrells sullen stare, but the boy had stalked away before Ned reached the floor of the throne room.
  At the base of the Iron Throne, Varys was gathering papers from the council table. Littlefinger and Grand Maester Pycelle had already taken their leave. You are a bolder man than I, my lord, the eunuch said softly.
  How so, Lord Varys? Ned asked brusquely. His leg was throbbing, and he was in no mood for word games.
  Had it been me up there, I should have sent Ser Loras. He so wanted to go and a man who has the Lannisters for his enemies would do well to make the Tyrells his friends.
  Ser Loras is young, said Ned. I daresay he will outgrow the disappointment.
  And Ser Ilyn? The eunuch stroked a plump, powdered cheek. He is the Kings Justice, after all. Sending other men to do his office some might construe that as a grave insult.
  No slight was intended. In truth, Ned did not trust the mute knight, though perhaps that was only because he misliked executioners. I remind you, the Paynes are bannermen to House Lannister. I thought it best to choose men who owed Lord Tywin no fealty.
  Very prudent, no doubt, Varys said. Still, I chanced to see Ser Ilyn in the back of the hall, staring at us with those pale eyes of his, and I must say, he did not look pleased, though to be sure it is hard to tell with our silent knight. I hope he outgrows his disappointment as well. He does so love his work
 Sansa
  He wouldnt send Ser Loras, Sansa told Jeyne Poole that night as they shared a cold supper by lamplight. I think it was because of his leg.
  Lord Eddard had taken his supper in his bedchamber with Alyn, Harwin, and Vayon Poole, the better to rest his broken leg, and Septa Mordane had complained of sore feet after standing in the gallery all day. Arya was supposed to join them, but she was late coming back from her dancing lesson.
  His leg? Jeyne said uncertainly. She was a pretty, dark-haired girl of Sansas own age. Did Ser Loras hurt his leg?
  Not his leg, Sansa said, nibbling delicately at a chicken leg. Fathers leg, silly. It hurts him ever so much, it makes him cross. Otherwise Im certain he would have sent Ser Loras.
  Her fathers decision still bewildered her. When the Knight of Flowers had spoken up, shed been sure she was about to see one of Old Nans stories come to life. Ser Gregor was the monster and Ser Loras the true hero who would slay him. He even looked a true hero, so slim and beautiful, with golden roses around his slender waist and his rich brown hair tumbling down into his eyes. And then Father had refused him! It had upset her more than she could tell. She had said as much to Septa Mordane as they descended the stairs from the gallery, but the septa had only told her it was not her place to question her lord fathers decisions.
  That was when Lord Baelish had said, Oh, I dont know, Septa. Some of her lord fathers decisions could do with a bit of questioning. The young lady is as wise as she is lovely. He made a sweeping bow to Sansa, so deep she was not quite sure if she was being complimented or mocked.
  Septa Mordane had been very upset to realize that Lord Baelish had overheard them. The girl was just talking, my lord, shed said. Foolish chatter. She meant nothing by the comment.
  Lord Baelish stroked his little pointed beard and said, Nothing? Tell me, child, why would you have sent Ser Loras?
  Sansa had no choice but to explain about heroes and monsters. The kings councillor smiled. Well, those are not the reasons Id have given, but He had touched her cheek, his thumb lightly tracing the line of a cheekbone. Life is not a song, sweetling. You may learn that one day to your sorrow.
  Sansa did not feel like telling all that to Jeyne, however; it made her uneasy just to think back on it.
  Ser Ilyns the Kings Justice, not Ser Loras, Jcyne said. Lord Eddard should have sent him.
  Sansa shuddered. Every time she looked at Ser Ilyn Payne, she shivered. He made her feel as though something dead were slithering over her naked skin. Ser Ilyns almost like a second monster. Im glad Father didnt pick him.
  Lord Beric is as much a hero as Ser Loras. Hes ever so brave and gallant.
  I suppose, Sansa said doubtfully. Beric Dondarrion was handsome enough, but he was awfully old, almost twenty-two; the Knight of Flowers would have been much better. Of course, Jeyne had been in love with Lord Beric ever since she had first glimpsed him in the lists. Sansa thought she was being silly; Jeyne was only a stewards daughter, after all, and no matter how much she mooned after him, Lord Beric would never look at someone so far beneath him, even if she hadnt been half his age.
  It would have been unkind to say so, however, so Sansa took a sip of milk and changed the subject. I had a dream that Joffrey would be the one to take the white hart, she said. It had been more of a wish, actually, but it sounded better to call it a dream. Everyone knew that dreams were prophetic. White harts were supposed to be very rare and magical, and in her heart she knew her gallant prince was worthier than his drunken father.
  A dream? Truly? Did Prince Joffrey just go up to it and touch it with his bare hand and do it no harm?
  No, Sansa said. He shot it with a golden arrow and brought it back for me. In the songs, the knights never killed magical beasts, they just went up to them and touched them and did them no harm, but she knew Joffrey liked hunting, especially the killing part. Only animals, though. Sansa was certain her prince had no part in murdering Jory and those other poor men; that had been his wicked uncle, the Kingslayer. She knew her father was still angry about that, but it wasnt fair to blame Joff. That would be like blaming her for something that Arya had done.
  I saw your sister this afternoon, Jeyne blurted out, as if shed been reading Sansas thoughts. She was walking through the stables on her hands. Why would she do a thing like that?
  Im sure I dont know why Arya does anything. Sansa hated stables, smelly places full of manure and flies. Even when she went riding, she liked the boy to saddle the horse and bring it to her in the yard. Do you want to hear about the court or not?
  I do, Jeyne said.
  There was a black brother, Sansa said, begging men for the Wall, only he was kind of old and smelly. She hadnt liked that at all. She had always imagined the Nights Watch to be men like Uncle Benjen. In the songs, they were called the black knights of the Wall. But this man had been crookbacked and hideous, and he looked as though he might have lice. If this was what the Nights Watch was truly like, she felt sorry for her bastard half brother, Jon. Father asked if there were any knights in the hall who would do honor to their houses by taking the black, but no one came forward, so he gave this Yoren his pick of the kings dungeons and sent him on his way. And later these two brothers came before him, freeriders from the Dornish Marches, and pledged their swords to the service of the king. Father accepted their oaths
  Jeyne yawned. Are there any lemon cakes?
  Sansa did not like being interrupted, but she had to admit, lemon cakes sounded more interesting than most of what had gone on in the throne room. Lets see, she said.
  The kitchen yielded no lemon cakes, but they did find half of a cold strawberry pie, and that was almost as good. They ate it on the tower steps, giggling and gossiping and sharing secrets, and Sansa went to bed that night feeling almost as wicked as Arya.
  The next morning she woke before first light and crept sleepily to her window to watch Lord Beric form up his men. They rode out as dawn was breaking over the city, with three banners going before them; the crowned stag of the king flew from the high staff, the direwolf of Stark and Lord Berics own forked lightning standard from shorter poles. It was all so exciting, a song come to life; the clatter of swords, the flicker of torchlight, banners dancing in the wind, horses snorting and whinnying, the golden glow of sunrise slanting through the bars of the portcullis as it jerked upward. The Winterfell men looked especially fine in their silvery mail and long grey cloaks.
  Alyn carried the Stark banner. When she saw him rein in beside Lord Beric to exchange words, it made Sansa feel ever so proud. Alyn was handsomer than Jory had been; he was going to be a knight one day.
  The Tower of the Hand seemed so empty after they left that Sansa was even pleased to see Arya when she went down to break her fast. Where is everyone? her sister wanted to know as she ripped the skin from a blood orange. Did Father send them to hunt down Jaime Lannister?
  Sansa sighed. They rode with Lord Beric, to behead Ser Gregor Clegane. She turned to Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon. Septa, will Lord Beric spike Ser Gregors head on his own gate or bring it back here for the king? She and Jeyne Poole had been arguing over that last night.
  The septa was horror-struck. A lady does not discuss such things over her porridge. Where are your courtesies, Sansa? I swear, of late youve been near as bad as your sister.
  What did Gregor do? Arya asked.
  He burned down a holdfast and murdered a lot of people, women and children too.
  Arya screwed up her face in a scowl. Jaime Lannister murdered Jory and Heward and Wyl, and the Hound murdered Mycah. Somebody should have beheaded them.
  Its not the same, Sansa said. The Hound is Joffreys sworn shield. Your butchers boy attacked the prince.
  Liar, Arya said. Her hand clenched the blood orange so hard that red juice oozed between her fingers.
  Go ahead, call me all the names you want, Sansa said airily. You wont dare when Im married to Joffrey. Youll have to bow to me and call me Your Grace. She shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. It caught her in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into her lap.
  You have juice on your face, Your Grace, Arya said.
  It was running down her nose and stinging her eyes. Sansa wiped it away with a napkin. When she saw what the fruit in her lap had done to her beautiful ivory silk dress, she shrieked again. Youre horrible, she screamed at her sister. They should have killed you instead of Lady!
  Septa Mordane came lurching to her feet. Your lord father will hear of this! Go to your chambers, at once. At once!
  Me too? Tears welled in Sansas eyes. Thats not fair.
  The matter is not subject to discussion. Go!
  Sansa stalked away with her head up. She was to be a queen, and queens did not cry. At least not where people could see. When she reached her bedchamber, she barred the door and took off her dress. The blood orange had left a blotchy red stain on the silk. I hate her! she screamed. She balled up the dress and flung it into the cold hearth, on top of the ashes of last nights fire. When she saw that the stain had bled through onto her underskirt, she began to sob despite herself. She ripped off the rest of her clothes wildly, threw herself into bed, and cried herself back to sleep.
  It was midday when Septa Mordane knocked upon her door. Sansa. Your lord father will see you now.
  Sansa sat up. Lady, she whispered. For a moment it was as if the direwolf was there in the room, looking at her with those golden eyes, sad and knowing. She had been dreaming, she realized. Lady was with her, and they were running together, and and trying to remember was like trying to catch the rain with her fingers. The dream faded, and Lady was dead again.
  Sansa. The rap came again, sharply. Do you hear me?
  Yes, Septa, she called out. Might I have a moment to dress, please? Her eyes were red from crying, but she did her best to make herself beautiful.
  Lord Eddard was bent over a huge leather-bound book when Septa Mordane marched her into the solar, his plaster-wrapped leg stiff beneath the table. Come here, Sansa, he said, not unkindly, when the septa had gone for her sister. Sit beside me. He closed the book.
  Septa Mordane returned with Arya squirming in her grasp. Sansa had put on a lovely pale green damask gown and a look of remorse, but her sister was still wearing the ratty leathers and roughspun shed worn at breakfast. Here is the other one, the septa announced.
  My thanks, Septa Mordane. I would talk to my daughters alone, if you would be so kind. The septa bowed and left.
  Arya started it, Sansa said quickly, anxious to have the first word. She called me a liar and threw an orange at me and spoiled my dress, the ivory silk, the one Queen Cersei gave me when I was betrothed to Prince Joffrey. She hates that Im going to marry the prince. She tries to spoil everything, Father, she cant stand for anything to be beautiful or nice or splendid.
  Enough, Sansa. Lord Eddards voice was sharp with impatience.
  Arya raised her eyes. Im sorry, Father. I was wrong and I beg my sweet sisters forgiveness.
  Sansa was so startled that for a moment she was speechless. Finally she found her voice. What about my dress?
  Maybe I could wash it, Arya said doubtfully.
  Washing wont do any good, Sansa said. Not if you scrubbed all day and all night. The silk is ruined.
  Then Ill make you a new one, Arya said.
  Sansa threw back her head in disdain. You? You couldnt sew a dress fit to clean the pigsties.
  Their father sighed. I did not call you here to talk of dresses. Im sending you both back to Winterfell.
  For the second time Sansa found herself too stunned for words. She felt her eyes grow moist again.
  You cant, Arya said.
  Please, Father, Sansa managed at last. Please dont.
  Eddard Stark favored his daughters with a tired smile. At last weve found something you agree on.
  I didnt do anything wrong, Sansa pleaded with him. I dont want to go back. She loved Mngs Landing; the pagaentry of the court, the high lords and ladies in their velvets and silks and gemstones, the great city with all its people. The tournament had been the most magical time of her whole life, and there was so much she had not seen yet, harvest feasts and masked balls and mummer shows. She could not bear the thought of losing it all. Send Arya away, she started it, Father, I swear it. Ill be good, youll see, just let me stay and I promise to be as fine and noble and courteous as the queen.
  Fathers mouth twitched strangely. Sansa, Im not sending you away for fighting, though the gods know Im sick of you two squabbling. I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety. Three of my men were cut down like dogs not a league from where we sit, and what does Robert do? He goes hunting.
  Arya was chewing at her lip in that disgusting way she had. Can we take Syrio back with us?
  Who cares about your stupid dancing master? Sansa flared. Father, I only just now remembered, I cant go away, Im to marry Prince Joffrey. She tried to smile bravely for him. I love him, Father, I truly truly do, I love him as much as Queen Naerys loved Prince Aemon the Dragonknight, as much as Jonquil loved Ser Florian. I want to be his queen and have his babies.
  Sweet one, her father said gently, listen to me. When youre old enough, I will make you a match with a high lord whos worthy of you, someone brave and gentle and strong. This match with Joffrey was a terrible mistake. That boy is no Prince Aemon, you must believe me.
  He is! Sansa insisted. I dont want someone brave and gentle, I want him. Well be ever so happy, just like in the songs, youll see. Ill give him a son with golden hair, and one day hell be the king of all the realm, the greatest king that ever was, as brave as the wolf and as proud as the lion.
  Arya made a face. Not if Joffreys his father, she said. Hes a liar and a craven and anyhow hes a stag, not a lion.
  Sansa felt tears in her eyes. He is not! Hes not the least bit like that old drunken king, she screamed at her sister, forgetting herself in her grief.
  Father looked at her strangely. Gods, he swore softly, out of the mouth of babes He shouted for Septa Mordane. To the girls he said, I am looking for a fast trading galley to take you home. These days, the sea is safer than the kingsroad. You will sail as soon as I can find a proper ship, with Septa Mordane and a complement of guards and yes, with Syrio Forel, if he agrees to enter my service. But say nothing of this. Its better if no one knows of our plans. Well talk again tomorrow.
  Sansa cried as Septa Mordane marched them down the steps. They were going to take it all away; the tournaments and the court and her prince, everything, they were going to send her back to the bleak grey walls of Winterfell and lock her up forever. Her life was over before it had begun.
  Stop that weeping, child, Septa Mordane said sternly. I am certain your lord father knows what is best for you.
  It wont be so bad, Sansa, Arya said. Were going to sail on a galley. It will be an adventure, and then well be with Bran and Robb again, and Old Nan and Hodor and the rest. She touched her on the arm.
  Hodor! Sansa yelled. You ought to marry Hodor, youre just like him, stupid and hairy and ugly! She wrenched away from her sisters hand, stormed into her bedchamber, and barred the door behind her.
 Eddard
  Pain is a gift from the gods, Lord Eddard, Grand Maester Pycelle told him. It means the bone is knitting, the flesh healing itself. Be thankful.
  I will be thankful when my leg stops throbbing.
  Pycelle set a stoppered flask on the table by the bed. The milk of the poppy, for when the pain grows too onerous.
  I sleep too much already.
  Sleep is the great healer.
  I had hoped that was you.
  Pycelle smiled wanly. It is good to see you in such a fierce humor, my lord. He leaned close and lowered his voice. There was a raven this morning, a letter for the queen from her lord father. I thought you had best know.
  Dark wings, dark words, Ned said grimly. What of it?
  Lord Tywin is greatly wroth about the men you sent after Ser Gregor Clegane, the maester confided. I feared he would be. You will recall, I said as much in council.
  Let him be wroth, Ned said. Every time his leg throbbed, he remembered Jaime Lannisters smile, and Jory dead in his arms. Let him write all the letters to the queen he likes. Lord Beric rides beneath the kings own banner. If Lord Tywin attempts to interfere with the kings justice, he will have Robert to answer to. The only thing His Grace enjoys more than hunting is making war on lords who defy him.
  Pycelle pulled back, his maesters chain jangling. As you say. I shall visit again on the morrow. The old man hurriedly gathered up his things and took his leave. Ned had little doubt that he was bound straight for the royal apartments, to whisper at the queen. I thought you had best know, indeed as if Cersei had not instructed him to pass along her fathers threats. He hoped his response rattled those perfect teeth of hers. Ned was not near as confident of Robert as he pretended, but there was no reason Cersei need know that.
  When Pycelle was gone, Ned called for a cup of honeyed wine. That clouded the mind as well, yet not as badly. He needed to be able to think. A thousand times, he asked himself what Jon Arryn might have done, had he lived long enough to act on what hed learned. Or perhaps he had acted, and died for it.
  It was queer how sometimes a childs innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to. Someday, when Sansa was grown, he would have to tell her how she had made it all come clear for him. Hes not the least bit like that old drunken king, she had declared, angry and unknowing, and the simple truth of it had twisted inside him, cold as death. This was the sword that killed Jon Arryn, Ned thought then, and it will kill Robert as well, a slower death but full as certain. Shattered legs may heal in time, but some betrayals fester and poison the soul.
  Littlefinger came calling an hour after the Grand Maester had left, clad in a plum-colored doublet with a mockingbird embroidered on the breast in black thread, and a striped cloak of black and white. I cannot visit long, my lord, he announced. Lady Tanda expects me to lunch with her. No doubt she will roast me a fatted calf. If its near as fatted as her daughter, Im like to rupture and die. And how is your leg?
  Inflamed and painful, with an itch that is driving me mad.
  Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. In future, try not to let any horses fall on it. I would urge you to heal quickly. The realm grows restive. Varys has heard ominous whispers from the west. Freeriders and sellswords have been flocking to Casterly Rock, and not for the thin pleasure of Lord Tywins conversation.
  Is there word of the king? Ned demanded. Just how long does Robert intend to hunt?
  Given his preferences, I believe hed stay in the forest until you and the queen both die of old age, Lord Petyr replied with a faint smile. Lacking that, I imagine hell return as soon as hes killed something. They found the white hart, it seems or rather, what remained of it. Some wolves found it first, and left His Grace scarcely more than a hoof and a horn. Robert was in a fury, until he heard talk of some monstrous boar deeper in the forest. Then nothing would do but he must have it. Prince Joffrey returned this morning, with the Royces, Serwill kill them all, Ned realized.