A pity my savages ruined your dance. Tyrion pulled off his steel gauntlet and let it fall to the ground, wincing at the pain that stabbed up his arm.
  The Stark boy proved more cautious than I expected for one of his years, Lord Tywin admitted, but a victory is a victory. You appear to be wounded.
  Tyrions right arm was soaked with blood. Good of you to notice, Father, he said through clenched teeth. Might I trouble you to send for your maesters? Unless you relish the notion of having a one-armed dwarf for a son
  An urgent shout of Lord Tywin! turned his fathers head before he could reply. Tywin Lannister rose to his feet as Ser Addam Marbrand leapt down off his courser. The horse was lathered and bleeding from the mouth. Ser Addam dropped to one knee, a rangy man with dark copper hair that fell to his shoulders, armored in burnished bronzed steel with the fiery tree of his House etched black on his breastplate. My liege, we have taken some of their commanders. Lord Cerwyn, Ser Wylis Manderly, Harrion Karstark, four Freys. Lord Hornwood is dead, and I fear Roose Bolton has escaped us.
  And the boy? Lord Tywin asked.
  Ser Addam hesitated. The Stark boy was not with them, my lord. They say he crossed at the Twins with the great part of his horse, riding hard for Riverrun.
  A green boy, Tyrion remembered, more like to be brave than wise. He would have laughed, if he hadnt hurt so much.
 Cately
  The woods were full of whispers.
  Moonlight winked on the tumbling waters of the stream below as it wound its rocky way along the floor of the valley. Beneath the trees, warhorses whickered softly and pawed at the moist, leafy ground, while men made nervous jests in hushed voices. Now and again, she heard the chink of spears, the faint metallic slither of chain mail, but even those sounds were muffled.
  It should not be long now, my lady, Hallis Mollen said. He had asked for the honor of protecting her in the battle to come; it was his right, as Winterfells captain of guards, and Robb had not refused it to him. She had thirty men around her, charged to keep her unharmed and see her safely home to Winterfell if the fighting went against them. Robb had wanted fifty; Catelyn had insisted that ten would be enough, that he would need every sword for the fight. They made their peace at thirty, neither happy with it.
  It will come when it comes, Catelyn told him. When it came, she knew it would mean death. Hals death perhaps or hers, or Robbs. No one was safe. No life was certain. Catelyn was content to wait, to listen to the whispers in the woods and the faint music of the brook, to feel the warm wind in her hair.
  She was no stranger to waiting, after all. Her men had always made her wait. Watch for me, little cat, her father would always tell her, when he rode off to court or fair or battle. And she would, standing patiently on the battlements of Riverrun as the waters of the Red Fork and the Tumblestone flowed by. He did not always come when he said he would, and days would ofttimes pass as Catelyn stood her vigil, peering out between crenels and through arrow loops until she caught a glimpse of Lord Hoster on his old brown gelding, trotting along the rivershore toward the landing. Did you watch for me? hed ask when he bent to bug her. Did you, little cat?
  Brandon Stark had bid her wait as well. I shall not be long, my lady, he had vowed. We will be wed on my return. Yet when the day came at last, it was his brother Eddard who stood beside her in the sept.
  Ned had lingered scarcely a fortnight with his new bride before he too had ridden off to war with promises on his lips. At least he had left her with more than words; he had given her a son. Nine moons had waxed and waned, and Robb had been born in Riverrun while his father still warred in the south. She had brought him forth in blood and pain, not knowing whether Ned would ever see him. Her son. He had been so small
  And now it was for Robb that she waited for Robb, and for Jaime Lannister, the gilded knight who men said had never learned to wait at all. The Kingslayer is restless, and quick to anger, her uncle Brynden had told Robb. And he had wagered their lives and their best hope of victory on the truth of what he said.
  If Robb was frightened, he gave no sign of it. Catelyn watched her son as he moved among the men, touching one on the shoulder, sharing a jest with another, helping a third to gentle an anxious horse. His armor clinked softly when he moved. Only his head was bare. Catelyn watched a breeze stir his auburn hair, so like her own, and wondered when her son had grown so big. Fifteen, and near as tall as she was.
  Let him grow taller, she asked the gods. Let him know sixteen, and twenty, and fifty. Let him grow as tall as his father, and hold his own son in his arms. Please, please, please. As she watched him, this tall young man with the new beard and the direwolf prowling at his heels, all she could see was the babe they had laid at her breast at Riverrun, so long ago.
  The night was warm, but the thought of Riverrun was enough to make her shiver. Where are they? she wondered. Could her uncle have been wrong? So much rested on the truth of what he had told them. Robb had given the Blackfish three hundred picked men, and sent them ahead to screen his march. Jaime does not know, Ser Brynden said when he rode back. Ill stake my life on that. No bird has reached him, my archers have seen to that. Weve seen a few of his outriders, but those that saw us did not live to tell of it. He ought to have sent out more. He does not know.
  How large is his host? her son asked.
  Twelve thousand foot, scattered around the castle in three separate camps, with the rivers between, her uncle said, with the craggy smile she remembered so well. There is no other way to besiege Riverrun, yet still, that will be their undoing. Two or three thousand horse.
  The Kingslayer has us three to one, said Galbart Glover.
  True enough, Ser Brynden said, yet there is one thing Ser Jaime lacks.
  Yes? Robb asked.
  Patience.
  Their host was greater than it had been when they left the Twins. Lord Jason Mallister had brought his power out from Seagard to join them as they swept around the headwaters of the Blue Fork and galloped south, and others had crept forth as well, hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmures army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun. They had driven their horses as hard as they dared to reach this place before Jaime Lannister had word of their coming, and now the hour was at hand.
  Catelyn watched her son mount up. Olyvar Frey held his horse for him, Lord Walders son, two years older than Robb, and ten years younger and more anxious. He strapped Robbs shield in place and handed up his helm. When he lowered it over the face she loved so well, a tall young knight sat on his grey stallion where her son had been. It was dark among the trees, where the moon did not reach. When Robb turned his head to look at her, she could see only black inside his visor. I must ride down the line, Mother, he told her. Father says you should let the men see you before a battle.
  Go, then, she said. Let them see you.
  It will give them courage, Robb said.
  And who will give me courage? she wondered, yet she kept her silence and made herself smile for him. Robb turned the big grey stallion and walked him slowly away from her, Grey Wind shadowing his steps. Behind him his battle guard formed up. When hed forced Catelyn to accept her protectors, she had insisted that he be guarded as well, and the lords bannermen had agreed. Many of their sons had clamored for the honor of riding with the Young Wolf, as they had taken to calling him. Torrhen Karstark and his brother Eddard were among his thirty, and Patrek Mallister, Smalljon Umber, Daryn Hornwood, Theon Greyjoy, no less than five of Walder Freys vast brood, along with older men like Ser Wendel Manderly and Robin Flint. One of his companions was even a woman: Dacey Mormont, Lady Maeges eldest daughter and heir to Bear Island, a lanky six-footer who had been given a morningstar at an age when most girls were given dolls. Some of the other lords muttered about that, but Catelyn would not listen to their complaints. This is not about the honor of your houses, she told them. This is about keeping my son alive and whole.
  And if it comes to that, she wondered, will thirty be enough? Will six thousand be enough?
  A bird called faintly in the distance, a high sharp trill that felt like an icy hand on Catelyns neck. Another bird answered; a third, a fourth. She knew their call well enough, from her years at Winterfell. Snow shrikes. Sometimes you saw them in the deep of winter, when the godswood was white and still. They were northern birds.
  They are coming, Catelyn thought.
  Theyre coming, my lady, Hal Mollen whispered. He was always a man for stating the obvious. Gods be with us.
  She nodded as the woods grew still around them. In the quiet she could hear them, far off yet moving closer; the tread of many horses, the rattle of swords and spears and armor, the murmur of human voices, with here a laugh, and there a curse.
  Eons seemed to come and go. The sounds grew louder. She heard more laughter, a shouted command, splashing as they crossed and recrossed the little stream. A horse snorted. A man swore. And then at last she saw him only for an instant, framed between the branches of the trees as she looked down at the valley floor, yet she knew it was him. Even at a distance, Ser Jaime Lannister was unmistakable. The moonlight had silvered his armor and the gold of his hair, and turned his crimson cloak to black. He was not wearing a helm.
  He was there and he was gone again, his silvery armor obscured by the trees once more. Others came behind him, long columns of them, knights and sworn swords and freeriders, three quarters of the Lannister horse.
  He is no man for sitting in a tent while his carpenters build siege towers, Ser Brynden had promised. He has ridden out with his knights thrice already, to chase down raiders or storm a stubborn holdfast.
  Nodding, Robb had studied the map her uncle had drawn him. Ned had taught him to read maps. Raid him here, he said, pointing. A few hundred men, no more. Tully banners. When he comes after you, we will be waitinghis finger moved an inch to the lefthere.
  Here was a hush in the night, moonlight and shadows, a thick carpet of dead leaves underfoot, densely wooded ridges sloping gently down to the streambed, the underbrush thinning as the ground fell away.
  Here was her son on his stallion, glancing back at her one last time and lifting his sword in salute.
  Here was the call of Maege Mormonts warhorn, a long low blast that rolled down the valley from the east, to tell them that the last of Jaimes riders had entered the trap.
  And Grey Wind threw back his head and howled.
  The sound seemed to go right through Catelyn Stark, and she found herself shivering. It was a terrible sound, a frightening sound, yet there was music in it too. For a second she felt something like pity for the Lannisters below. So this is what death sounds like, she thought.
  HAAroooooooooooooooooooooooo came the answer from the far ridge as the Greatjon winded his own horn. To east and west, the trumpets of the Mallisters and Freys blew vengeance. North, where the valley narrowed and bent like a cocked elbow, Lord Karstarks warhorns added their own deep, mournful voices to the dark chorus. Men were shouting and horses rearing in the stream below.
  The whispering wood let out its breath all at once, as the bowmen Robb had hidden in the branches of the trees let fly their arrows and the night erupted with the screams of men and horses. All around her, the riders raised their lances, and the dirt and leaves that had buried the cruel bright points fell away to reveal the gleam of sharpened steel. Winterfell! she heard Robb shout as the arrows sighed again. He moved away from her at a trot, leading his men downhill.
  Catelyn sat on her horse, unmoving, with Hal Mollen and her guard around her, and she waited as she had waited before, for Brandon and Ned and her father. She was high on the ridge, and the trees hid most of what was going on beneath her. A heartbeat, two, four, and suddenly it was as if she and her protectors were alone in the wood. The rest were melted away into the green.
  Yet when she looked across the valley to the far ridge, she saw the Greatjons riders emerge from the darkness beneath the trees. They were in a long line, an endless line, and as they burst from the wood there was an instant, the smallest part of a heartbeat, when all Catelyn saw was the moonlight on the points of their lances, as if a thousand willowisps were coming down the ridge, wreathed in silver flame.
  Then she blinked, and they were only men, rushing down to kill or die.
  Afterward, she could not claim she had seen the battle. Yet she could hear, and the valley rang with echoes. The crack of a broken lance, the clash of swords, the cries of Lannister and Winterfell and Tully! Riverrun and Tully! When she realized there was no more to see, she closed her eyes and listened. The battle came alive around her. She heard hoofbeats, iron boots splashing in shallow water, the woody sound of swords on oaken shields and the scrape of steel against steel, the hiss of arrows, the thunder of drums, the terrified screaming of a thousand horses. Men shouted curses and begged for mercy, and got it (or not), and lived (or died). The ridges seemed to play queer tricks with sound. Once she heard Robbs voice, as clear as if hed been standing at her side, calling, To me! To me! And she heard his direwolf, snarling and growling, heard the snap of those long teeth, the tearing of flesh, shrieks of fear and pain from man and horse alike. Was there only one wolf? It was hard to be certain.
  Little by little, the sounds dwindled and died, until at last there was only the wolf. As a red dawn broke in the east, Grey Wind began to howl again.
  Robb came back to her on a different horse, riding a piebald gelding in the place of the grey stallion he had taken down into the valley. The wolfs head on his shield was slashed half to pieces, raw wood showing where deep gouges had been hacked in the oak, but Robb himself seemed unhurt. Yet when he came closer, Catelyn saw that his mailed glove and the sleeve of his surcoat were black with blood. Youre hurt, she said.
  Robb lifted his hand, opened and closed his fingers. No, he said. This is Torrhens blood, perhaps, or He shook his head. I do not know.
  A mob of men followed him up the slope, dirty and dented and grinning, with Theon and the Greatjon at their head. Between them they dragged Ser Jaime Lannister. They threw him down in front of her horse. The Kingslayer, Hal announced, unnecessarily.
  Lannister raised his head. Lady Stark, he said from his knees. Blood ran down one cheek from a gash across his scalp, but the pale light of dawn had put the glint of gold back in his hair. I would offer you my sword, but I seem to have mislaid it.
  It is not your sword I want, ser, she told him. Give me my father and my brother Edmure. Give me my daughters. Give me my lord husband.
  I have mislaid them as well, I fear.
  A pity, Catelyn said coldly.
  Kill him, Robb, Theon Greyjoy urged. Take his head off.
  No, her son answered, peeling off his bloody glove. Hes more use alive than dead. And my lord father never condoned the murder of prisoners after a battle.
  A wise man, Jaime Lannister said, and honorable.
  Take him away and put him in irons, Catelyn said.
  Do as my lady mother says, Robb commanded, and make certain theres a strong guard around him. Lord Karstark will want his head on a pike.
  That he will, the Greatjon agreed, gesturing. Lannister was led away to be bandaged and chained.
  Why should Lord Karstark want him dead? Catelyn asked.
  Robb looked away into the woods, with the same brooding look that Ned often got. He he killed them
  Lord Karstarks sons, Galbart Glover explained.
  Both of them, said Robb. Torrhen and Eddard. And Daryn Hornwood as well.
  No one can fault Lannister on his courage, Glover said. When he saw that he was lost, he rallied his retainers and fought his way up the valley, hoping to reach Lord Robb and cut him down. And almost did.
  He mislaid his sword in Eddard Karstarks neck, after he took Torrhens hand off and split Daryn Hornwoods skull open, Robb said. All the time he was shouting for me. If they hadnt tried to stop him
  I should then be mourning in place of Lord Karstark, Catelyn said. Your men did what they were sworn to do, Robb. They died protecting their liege lord. Grieve for them. Honor them for their valor. But not now. You have no time for grief. You may have lopped the head off the snake, but three quarters of the body is still coiled around my fathers castle. We have won a battle, not a war.
  But such a battle! said Theon Greyjoy eagerly. My lady, the realm has not seen such a victory since the Field of Fire. I vow, the Lannisters lost ten men for every one of ours that fell. Weve taken close to a hundred knights captive, and a dozen lords bannermen. Lord Westerling, Lord Banefort, Ser Garth Greenfield, Lord Estren, Ser Tytos Brax, Mallor the Dornishman and three Lannisters besides Jaime, Lord Tywins own nephews, two of his sisters sons and one of his dead brothers
  And Lord Tywin? Catelyn interrupted. Have you perchance taken Lord Tywin, Theon?
  No, Greyjoy answered, brought up short.
  Until you do, this war is far from done.
  Robb raised his head and pushed his hair back out of his eyes. My mother is right. We still have Riverrun.
 Daenerys
  The flies circled Khal Drogo slowly, their wings buzzing, a low thrum at the edge of hearing that filled Dany with dread.
  The sun was high and pitiless. Heat shimmered in waves off the stony outcrops of low hills. A thin finger of sweat trickled slowly between Danys swollen breasts. The only sounds were the steady clop of their horses hooves, the rhythmic tingle of the bells in Drogos hair, and the distant voices behind them.
  Dany watched the flies.
  They were as large as bees, gross, purplish, glistening. The Dothraki called them bloodflies. They lived in marshes and stagnant pools, sucked blood from man and horse alike, and laid their eggs in the dead and dying. Drogo hated them. Whenever one came near him, his hand would shoot out quick as a striking snake to close around it. She had never seen him miss. He would hold the fly inside his huge fist long enough to hear its frantic buzzing. Then his fingers would tighten, and when he opened his hand again, the fly would be only a red smear on his palm.
  Now one crept across the rump of his stallion, and the horse gave an angry flick of its tail to brush it away. The others flitted about Drogo, closer and closer. The khal did not react. His eyes were fixed on distant brown hills, the reins loose in his hands. Beneath his painted vest, a plaster of fig leaves and caked blue mud covered the wound on his breast. The herbwomen had made it for him. Mirri Maz Duurs poultice had itched and burned, and he had torn it off six days ago, cursing her for a maegi. The mud plaster was more soothing, and the herbwomen made him poppy wine as well. Hed been drinking it heavily these past three days; when it was not poppy wine, it was fermented mares milk or pepper beer.
  Yet he scarcely touched his food, and he thrashed and groaned in the night. Dany could see how drawn his face had become. Rhaego was restless in her belly, kicking like a stallion, yet even that did not stir Drogos interest as it had. Every morning her eyes found fresh lines of pain on his face when he woke from his troubled sleep. And now this silence. It was making her afraid. Since they had mounted up at dawn, he had said not a word. When she spoke, she got no answer but a grunt, and not even that much since midday.
  One of the bloodflies landed on the bare skin of the khals shoulder. Another, circling, touched down on his neck and crept up toward his mouth. Khal Drogo swayed in the saddle, bells ringing, as his stallion kept onward at a steady walking pace.
  Dany pressed her heels into her silver and rode closer. My lord, she said softly. Drogo. My sun-and-stars.
  He did not seem to hear. The bloodfly crawled up under his drooping mustache and settled on his cheek, in the crease beside his nose. Dany gasped, Drogo. Clumsily she reached over and touched his arm.
  Khal Drogo reeled in the saddle, tilted slowly, and fell heavily from his horse. The flies scattered for a heartbeat, and then circled back to settle on him where he lay.
  No, Dany said, reining up. Heedless of her belly for once, she scrambled off her silver and ran to him.
  The grass beneath him was brown and dry. Drogo cried out in pain as Dany knelt beside him. His breath rattled harshly in his throat, and he looked at her without recognition. My horse, he gasped. Dany brushed the flies off his chest, smashing one as he would have. His skin burned beneath her fingers.
  The khals bloodriders had been following just behind them. She heard Haggo shout as they galloped up. Cohollo vaulted from his horse. Blood of my blood, he said as he dropped to his knees. The other two kept to their mounts.
  No, Khal Drogo groaned, struggling in Danys arms. Must ride. Ride. No.
  He fell from his horse, Haggo said, staring down. His broad face was impassive, but his voice was leaden.
  You must not say that, Dany told him. We have ridden far enough today. We will camp here.
  Here? Haggo looked around them. The land was brown and sere, inhospitable. This is no camping ground.
  It is not for a woman to bid us halt, said Qotho, not even a khaleesi.
  We camp here, Dany repeated. Haggo, tell them Khal Drogo commanded the halt. If any ask why, say to them that my time is near and I could not continue. Cohollo, bring up the slaves, they must put up the khals tent at once. Qotho
  You do not command me, Khaleesi, Qotho said.
  Find Mirri Maz Duur, she told him. The godswife would be walking among the other Lamb Men, in the long column of slaves. Bring her to me, with her chest.
  Qotho glared down at her, his eyes hard as flint. The maegi. He spat. This I will not do.
  You will, Dany said, or when Drogo wakes, he will hear why you defied me.
  Furious, Qotho wheeled his stallion around and galloped off in anger but Dany knew he would return with Mirri Maz Duur, however little he might like it. The slaves erected Khal Drogos tent beneath a jagged outcrop of black rock whose shadow gave some relief from the heat of the afternoon sun. Even so, it was stifling under the sandsilk as Irri and Doreah helped Dany walk Drogo inside. Thick patterned carpets had been laid down over the ground, and pillows scattered in the corners. Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men, set up a brazier. They stretched Drogo out on a woven mat. No, he muttered in the Common Tongue. No, no. It was all he said, all he seemed capable of saying.
  Doreah unhooked his medallion belt and stripped off his vest and leggings, while Jhiqui knelt by his feet to undo the laces of his riding sandals. Irri wanted to leave the tent flaps open to let in the breeze, but Dany forbade it. She would not have any see Drogo this way, in delirium and weakness. When her khas came up, she posted them outside at guard. Admit no one without my leave, she told Jhogo. No one.
  Eroeh stared fearfully at Drogo where he lay. He dies, she whispered.
  Dany slapped her. The khal cannot die. He is the father of the stallion who mounts the world. His hair has never been cut. He still wears the bells his father gave him.
  Khaleesi, Jhiqui said, he fell from his horse.
  Trembling, her eyes full of sudden tears, Dany turned away from them. He fell from his horse! It was so, she had seen it, and the bloodriders, and no doubt her handmaids and the men of her khas as well. And how many more? They could not keep it secret, and Dany knew what that meant. A khal who could not ride could not rule, and Drogo had fallen from his horse.
  We must bathe him, she said stubbornly. She must not allow herself to despair. Irri, have the tub brought at once. Doreah, Eroeh, find water, cool water, hes so hot. He was a fire in human skin.
  The slaves set up the heavy copper tub in the corner of the tent. When Doreah brought the first jar of water, Dany wet a length of silk to lay across Drogos brow, over the burning skin. His eyes looked at her, but he did not see. When his lips opened, no words escaped them, only a moan. Where is Mirri Maz Duur? she demanded, her patience rubbed raw with fear.
  Qotho will find her, Irri said.
  Her handmaids filled the tub with tepid water that stank of sulfur, sweetening it with jars of bitter oil and handfuls of crushed mint leaves. While the bath was being prepared, Dany knelt awkwardly beside her lord husband, her belly great with their child within. She undid his braid with anxious fingers, as she had on the night hed taken her for the first time, beneath the stars. His bells she laid aside carefully, one by one. He would want them again when he was well, she told herself.
  A breath of air entered the tent as Aggo poked his head through the silk. Khaleesi, he said, the Andal is come, and begs leave to enter.
  The Andal was what the Dothraki called Ser Jorah. Yes, she said, rising clumsily, send him in. She trusted the knight. He would know what to do if anyone did.
  Ser Jorah Mormont ducked through the door flap and waited a moment for his eyes to adjust to the dimness. In the fierce heat of the south, he wore loose trousers of mottled sandsilk and open-toed riding sandals that laced up to his knee. His scabbard hung from a twisted horsehair belt. Under a bleached white vest, he was bare-chested, skin reddened by the sun. Talk goes from mouth to ear, all over the khalasar, he said. It is said Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
  Help him, Dany pleaded. For the love you say you bear me, help him now.
  The knight knelt beside her. He looked at Drogo long and hard, and then at Dany. Send your maids away.
  Wordlessly, her throat tight with fear, Dany made a gesture. Irri herded the other girls from the tent.
  When they were alone, Ser Jorah drew his dagger. Deftly, with a delicacy surprising in such a big man, he began to scrape away the black leaves and dried blue mud from Drogos chest. The plaster had caked hard as the mud walls of the Lamb Men, and like those walls it cracked easily. Ser Jorah broke the dry mud with his knife, pried the chunks from the flesh, peeled off the leaves one by one. A foul, sweet smell rose from the wound, so thick it almost choked her. The leaves were crusted with blood and pus, Drogos breast black and glistening with corruption.
  No, Dany whispered as tears ran down her cheeks. No, please, gods hear me, no.
  Khal Drogo thrashed, fighting some unseen enemy. Black blood ran slow and thick from his open wound.
  Your khal is good as dead, Princess.
  No, he cant die, he mustnt, it was only a cut. Dany took his large callused hand in her own small ones, and held it tight between them. I will not let him die
  Ser Jorah gave a bitter laugh. Khaleesi or queen, that command is beyond your power. Save your tears, child. Weep for him tomorrow, or a year from now. We do not have time for grief. We must go, and quickly, before he dies.
  Dany was lost. Go? Where should we go?
  Asshai, I would say. It lies far to the south, at the end of the known world, yet men say it is a great port. We will find a ship to take us back to Pentos. It will be a hard journey, make no mistake. Do you trust your khas? Will they come with us?
  Khal Drogo commanded them to keep me safe, Dany replied uncertainly, but if he dies She touched the swell of her belly. I dont understand. Why should we flee? I am khaleesi. I carry Drogos heir. He will be khal after Drogo
  Ser Jorah frowned. Princess, hear me. The Dothraki will not follow a suckling babe. Drogos strength was what they bowed to, and only that. When he is gone, Jhaqo and Pono and the other kos will fight for his place, and this khalasar will devour itself. The winner will want no more rivals. The boy will be taken from your breast the moment he is born. They will give him to the dogs
  Dany hugged herself. But why? she cried plaintively. Why should they kill a little baby?
  He is Drogos son, and the crones say he will be the stallion who mounts the world. It was prophesied. Better to kill the child than to risk his fury when he grows to manhood.
  The child kicked inside her, as if he had heard. Dany remembered the story Viserys had told her, of what the Usurpers dogs had done to Rhaegars children. His son had been a babe as well, yet they had ripped him from his mothers breast and dashed his head against a wall. That was the way of men. They must not hurt my son! she cried. I will order my khas to keep him safe, and Drogos bloodriders will
  Ser Jorah held her by the shoulders. A bloodrider dies with his khal. You know that, child. They will take you to Vaes Dothrak, to the crones, that is the last duty they owe him in life when it is done, they will join Drogo in the night lands.
  Dany did not want to go back to Vaes Dothrak and live the rest of her life among those terrible old women, yet she knew that the knight spoke the truth. Drogo had been more than her sun-and-stars; he had been the shield that kept her safe. I will not leave him, she said stubbornly, miserably. She took his hand again. I will not.
  A stirring at the tent flap made Dany turn her head. Mirri Maz Duur entered, bowing low. Days on the march, trailing behind the khalasar, had left her limping and haggard, with blistered and bleeding feet and hollows under her eyes. Behind her came Qotho and Haggo, carrying the godswifes chest between them. When the bloodriders caught sight of Drogos wound, the chest slipped from Haggos fingers and crashed to the floor of the tent, and Qotho swore an oath so foul it seared the air.